You know that what I do is write for kids, and in fact, I'm probably the author for children, more read in the United States.
And I always tell people I don't want to look like a scientist.
I can dress as a farmer, or with leather clothes, and no one has chosen a farmer.
I'm here today to talk to you about circles and expectations.
And you know that an epiphany is generally something that fell somewhere else.
You just have to go back to the apple to see it as an epiphany.
That's the painting of a circle.
A friend of mine did that -- Richard Brooklyn.
It's the kind of complicated circle that I'm going to talk about.
My circle started in the 1960s in the middle school, in Steve, Ohio where I was the weird of the class.
When they hit to bleed every week in the kids' bathroom, until a teacher saved me life.
She saved my life by allowing the teacher to go into the professor room.
I did it in secret.
For three years.
And I had to go from the city.
I had a thumb, and 85 dollars, and I ended up in San Francisco, California -- I found a lover -- and in the 1980s, I felt the need to start working in organizations that fought AIDS.
About three or four years ago, half of the night I got a phone call from that teacher, the lady Propagand who said,``I need to see you.
I'm disillusioned that adults never get to know us.
You could come to Ohio, and please bring that man, I know you've already found.
And I have to tell you that I have pancreatic cancer, and I'd like you to stand with this please . ''
Well, the next day we were in Cleveland.
We went to see it, we laughed, we cry, and we realized that she needed to be hostile.
We found a place, we put it up, and we take care of it, and we got rid of his family, because it was necessary.
It's something we knew about how to do.
And as the woman who wanted to know as an adult came to meet me, he became a bread box, and he was put in my hands.
And what happened was that the circle had been closed, it had become a circle -- and that episode that I talked about was made in itself.
The expectation is that death is part of life.
She saved my life, my partner and I saved her.
And you know that that part of life needs everything that the rest of life.
It needs truth and beauty, and I'm very happy that today, a lot of this was talked about this.
You also need dignity, love and pleasure, and it's our job to provide those things.
Thank you.
As an artist, connection is very important for me.
Through my work, I'm trying to express that humans are not separated from nature and everything is interconnected.
I was for the first time to Antarctica about 10 years ago, and I saw my first techniques.
I was astonished.
My heart was fast, I was killed, trying to understand what was in front of me.
The teams around me go around the water almost 60 feet, and I couldn't think that it was a snowflake about another snow of snow after year.
The technologies are born when they're dependent on glaciers or breaks the ice barriers.
Each iceberg has its own individual personality.
They have a different way to interact with their environment and their experiences.
Some of them are refused to surrender, and they cling up to the end, whereas others can't support it more and fall into a dramatic passion.
It's easy to think, when you see a iceberg, that you're isolated separate and alone, in large measure as we see as humans.
But reality is all the opposite.
As a iceberg melts, I'm breathing its ancestral atmosphere.
As a iceberg melts, it releases rich water water in minerals that feeds many forms of life.
I'm going to photograph these teams as if it's about the portraits of my ancestors, knowing that at these unique moments, there are that way, and they will not exist again.
It's not death when they melt; it's not an end, but a continuation of its path for the cycle of life.
Some of the ice caps that we photograph is very young -- it's a couple thousand years old.
And another part of the ice has over 100,000 years.
The last pictures I'd like to show you is a iceberg that photographed in Kepler-186f, Greenland.
It's a little bit frequent to actually get a round iceberg.
Here it is.
You can see on the left a little boat.
It's about five meters.
And I'd like you to pay attention to the form of the iceberg and your flow line.
You can see here, it starts to roll, the ship has moved to the other side, and the man is standing there.
This is a genomic iceberg of Greenland, average size.
It's about 120 feet of water.
This video is in real time.
And so, the iceberg shows a different side of its personality.
Thank you.
I want you to imagine two couples in 1979, the same day, exactly at the same time, each one of a baby.
So, two couples every single baby.
I don't want you to stand too much in the details of conception, because if you stop thinking about conception itself, you're not paying attention.
Let's think about that for a moment.
And in this stage, I want you to imagine that, in a case, the chromosome and the sperm is joined to the X chromosome of the egg.
And in the other case, the sperm X chromosome is joined to the X chromosome of the egg.
They both prevent and start life.
We'll talk about them later.
In my ground activity, I'll get two roles.
In one of my roles, I work with the story of anatomy.
I'm history for training, and what I study in this case is the way people tackle anatomy -- that's human bodies and animals, how they've considered body fluids, the idea of the body -- what have thought about the body.
The other role that I think in my work is activity, as patients' defense or, as I say sometimes, impatient defense of people who are medical patients.
In this case, I've worked with people whose physical features defy social norms.
I've been working, for example, with standard twins, two people within one body.
I've worked with people with transfers -- much lower people than the average.
And I've worked with many cases of people with outliers, individuals whose physical technology doesn't fit into male male and female schemes.
In general lines, we can call it interesting.
The intensity takes many ways.
I'm going to give you some examples of ways of having a sex that doesn't fit in male or female forms.
For example, there's the case of the individual, X-ray, which gene some of the chromosomes of the chromosome and tells the protocols, that we all have in the federal life, that they become testicles.
And then, in the federal life, testicles produce testosterone.
But because this individual lacks of testosterone receptors, the body doesn't react to the same.
It's the syndrome of inequality to disorders.
So, there are high testosterone levels, but no reaction.
As a consequence, the body is developed by a typical female course.
When it's born, the baby has a little girl.
It's a girl . It's raised as a child.
And often, it's not until puberty, when it's growing and developing the breasts, but it doesn't have the menstrual period, when someone realizes that something is happening.
After doing it, you realize that instead of having ovaries and uterus, it actually has testicles and a chromosome.
What's important to understand is that you may think that it's a man, but it actually doesn't.
Women, like men, have in the body something called supermarket glands.
They're at the back of the body.
Superior glands produce disorders, the hormone hormone.
Most women like me consider a typical woman; he doesn't know his chemical structure; I believe to be a typical woman most women like me are sensitive to the disorders.
We produce disorders and respond to adversity.
As a consequence, someone like me has the most exposed brain to the adversaries that the woman who was born with testicles that have the syndrome of intensive sensitivity.
So sex is complicated . It's not that the intersections are in the middle of the spectrum -- in a certain way you can be everywhere.
Another example: a few years ago, I got a call from a 19-year-old girl born and raised as they're going to go, and I had a girlfriend, and sexual relationships with her, led a life as a kid and I just discovered that he had ovaries and uterus.
It had an extreme form of a known disease as a controversial supermarket.
He had 20 chromosomes, and in the uterus, supermarket glands were so active that they created a male hormone environment.
As a consequence, their genitals were massively abused, their brain was exposed to the typically male hormone component.
I was born with a child, no one suspicious.
And it was at the age of 19 when I started having medical problems caused by internal motivation, when doctors discovered that, in fact, it was female inside.
Well, another quick example of a case of interactivity.
Some people with the 20th chromosomes develop what's known as optimists, that is, they have an active tissue wrapped into tissue tissue.
We don't know why that happens.
So, there are many varieties of sex.
The reason why children with these kinds of bodies -- whether they're tank, the shimming twins, or interestingly, they're subtle to normal surgery, not to be able to make a better physical health.
In many cases, people are perfectly healthy.
The reason you get to various surgeries is that they're a threat for our social categories.
The system is normally based on the idea that a particular anatomy brings a particular identity.
We have the idea that being female is to have female identity; supposedly, being black means having African anatomy in historical terms.
Very simplistic idea.
And when you present a body that shows something quite different, we have problems with catastrophe.
So we have very romantic ideas in our culture to individuality.
Our nation is based on a very romantic notion concept.
Imagine how amazing it is to have children who are born like two people inside one body.
The most logical case is last year with the South African corridor Candor Week; he was put on his sex on his sex in the Berlin International Games.
Many journalists called to ask,``What are you going to do to determine if Casey Sex is man or woman? ''
And I had to explain to journalists that there is no such exam.
In fact, we now know that sex is so complicated that we have to admit that nature doesn't take a bright line between men and women or between men and intersections and women, and we are who we trace that line.
So what we have is a situation where the more science advances, the more we have to admit that these categories -- that we thought were stable anatomical categories that are running directly with stable ideological categories -- they're much more diffuse than we thought.
And it's not just in terms of sex.
Also in terms of race, something that's much more complicated than terminology allows.
As we see, we get in a rough terrain.
Let's look, for example, the fact that we share at least 95 percent of DNA with chimpanzees.
What are we going to do from the fact of defining them in just a few nuclear?
And as we progress in science, we get more and more in an awkward zone where we need to recognize that the simplistic categories that we're likely to do are too simplistic.
And we're looking at this in all the parts of human life.
One of them, for example, in our current culture, in the United States today, are the struggles at the beginning and at the end of life.
It's hard to look at a moment from which a body gets human and has different rights to the photos.
There are very elaborate arguments today, not in public, but within medicine, when someone is considered dead.
Our ancestors never had to go through this question of whether someone was dead.
As a lot of them put a pen in front of the nose, and if it was moving, they didn't have it.
If I stopped moving it up.
But today we can, for example, extract vital organs from a body and put them in another body.
And as a consequence, we should face the dilemma to really determine someone's death, and this puts us in a difficult situation where we don't have the simple categories of the past.
And you might think that this explosion of categories could get someone like me.
In politics, I'm progressive, defining people with unusual bodies, but I have to admit that it puts me nervous.
You know that these categories are much more unstable than we thought that I was afraid.
tense from the concept of the concept of democracy.
And to tell you about this tension first, I have to admit that I'm a fervent fan of the founding parents.
I know they were racist, I know they were sexist, but they were big.
I mean, they were so brave and bold and so radical in what they did, that I find that music``1976"--``1976 ,"and not for music, which is totally palpable.
That's why it happened in 1976 with the founding parents.
The founding parents were, for me, the first activists of anatomy and explain why.
What they were rejected was an anatomical concept, and they replaced it with another one that was radical and beautiful and maintained for 200 years.
And, as everybody remembers, what our founding parents were rejected was the idea of the monarchy . monarchy was based on a very simplistic concept of anatomy.
The old world monarchs didn't know the DNA, but they had clear the idea of birth right.
They had the concept of blue blood.
They were from the idea that it came to political power for the father's right blood, and then the child, etc.
The founding parents rejected that idea and replaced it by a new anatomical concept, and that concept was that all men are created equal.
They leveled the game field and decided that the anatomy that mattered was the anatomy in common and not the anatomical differences . That was a very radical thing.
And in part, they were doing it because they were part of an elaborate system in which two things were getting married.
The democracy was happening, and at the same time, science was born.
And it's very clear, if we look at the history of the founding parents, that many were very interested in science and the idea of a natural world.
They were falling away from the supernatural explanation, and therefore they were rejected by the concept of supernatural power transmitted through a vague of a vague law of birth.
They were moving towards a natural concept.
And if we look, for example, the Declaration of Independence, they talk about nature and the god of nature.
They don't talk about God and God's nature.
They talk about the power of nature to tell us who we are.
And in consequence, they were broadcasting the idea of anatomical coincidence.
And by doing so, they were feeling the foundations of the future rights movement.
They didn't think that way, but they did it for us and it was great.
And what happened years later?
And women succeeded.
Then there was the success of the Civil Rights movement with people in South Trade, who said,``Am I not a woman? ''
We found men in the Civil Rights movement, saying,``I'm a man . ''
Again, people of color that I applied to the anatomical coincidence on anatomical difference and, again, succeeded.
We see the same with the disability movement.
The problem is, of course, that as we look at the coincidence, we need to start asking why we keep certain divisions.
But, attention, I want to keep some anatomical divisions in our culture.
For example, I don't want to give a fish the same rights as a human.
I don't mean that we should get to the anatomy.
I don't mean that the five-year-old children were allowed to have sex or marry.
There are some anatomical divisions that make sense, and I think we should keep.
But the challenge is to try to figure out what they are, why keep them and if they make sense.
Well, let's go back to those two beings at the beginning of this talk.
We've got two beings, both of them in the middle of 1979 exactly the same day.
Let's imagine that one of them, Mary, was born three months before time: June 1 in 1980.
Henry, over the contrary, was born in terms: he was born on March 1.
For the only fact of having been born three months before Mary is attributed all the rights three months before Henry -- the right to the sexual consent, the right to vote, the right to drink.
Henry has to wait for all of that, not because he has a different biological age, but because she was born later.
We found other paths in relation to their rights.
Henry, in virtue of being considered man, though I haven't told you if it's X-ray, in virtue of being considered man now is possible for the mandatory that Mary doesn't have to worry.
Mary, for its part, doesn't have the same rights to same-sex Henry in all states, for example.
Henry can marry all states with a woman, but Mary can marry a woman just in some states.
So you still persist anatomical categories that in various ways are problematic and questionable.
And now the question is: What do we do now that science advanced so much in the field of anatomy that we get to the point of having to admit that a democracy based on anatomy could crumble?
I don't want to give up science, but at the same time I feel like science is climbing us.
Where are we going?
It seems that what happens in our culture is a kind of pragmatic attitude,``Well, we have to take the line somewhere, so we're going to do it . ''
But a lot of people are trapped in a rare position.
For example, Texas at a time has decided that to marry a man, you don't have to have a chromosome and to marry a woman, you have to have chromosomes.
Now, in practice, they don't make any chemical tests to people.
But this is also very strange for the story that I told you at the beginning of the syndrome of insulin sensitivity.
If we look at one of the founding parents of modern democracy, Dr. Martin Luther King, in his speech,``I am doing a solution . ''
It says that we should judge people``not in the color of their skin, but in the content of their character ,"going beyond anatomy.
And I mean,``Yes, the idea seems very good . ''
But in practice, how do you do?
How do you judge people based on their character?
I want to point out as well that I'm not sure we should be based on this to guarantee people to people, because I have to admit that I know from some game breakthrough that probably deserve the social services than some humans I know.
I also want to say that maybe some labs that I know can make more informed, intelligent and mature decisions about their sexual relationships that people in 40 I know.
So how do you put the subject of the content of character?
It's very difficult.
And a part of me is wondering what would happen if the character of a person could be measured with an instrument, maybe with a magnetic resonance.
Do we really want to get to that point?
I'm not sure where we go.
What I know is that it seems to be very important that the United States is still driving this thinking of thinking in relation to the issue of democracy.
We've done a good job in defense of democracy, and I think we're going to do a good job in the future.
We don't live, for example, in a context like the Iranian in which a man who feels attracted by other men is sustainable to be killed, unless it's willing to get to a sex change, in which case it's allowed to live.
We're not in that situation.
I'm glad to say that we don't have a context like a surgeon that I talked to you about a couple of years ago that I had done a couple of years ago to give birth twin light to then separate them, and then to appreciate their fame.
But when the phone asked the death of the operation, it was a very risky operation, and it replied that in that other country these kids would be very abused and therefore had to.
I said,``Well, has it considered political asylum instead of surgical separation? ''
America provides huge possibilities to people to be who they are without forcing them to change for the state good.
So I think we have to be in the head.
Well, to finish, I mean I've been talking a lot about parents.
And I want to think about what democracy would be like, or as it might have been, if we had given more participation to mothers.
And I want to say something a little radical for a feminist, and that is that I think there may be different ideas from different anatomical societies, particularly if there are people thinking about group.
For years, because I've been interested in spirituality, I've also been interested in investigating sexual difference.
And one of the things that has interested me are the differences between men and women in terms of thinking and operating in the world.
And what we know about transfer studies is that women, on average, not all, but on average tend to pay more attention to complex social relationships and to occupy those who are vulnerable within the group.
And if we think about that, we have an interesting situation in our hands.
years ago, when I was in the grad, one of my advisers I knew that I was interested in feminism -- I was interested in feminist, as now as a strange template.
\" Tell me what the feminism has . ''
And I thought,``It's the most dumb question I ever heard.
Feminism has to do with undo gender stereotypes, so there's nothing female in feminism . ''
But the more I've been thinking about his question, the more it has seemed to me there's something female in the feminism.
That is, there might be something, on average, something different between the female brain and the male that makes us more aware of complex social relationships and willing to help the most vulnerable.
So, if the parents were very attentive to find the way to protect people from the state, it's possible that we've injected more mothers to this concept, maybe we would have enriched the concept of protection with reciprocal support.
And maybe that's what we have to do in the future when we take democracy beyond anatomy: thinking less in the individual body, in terms of identity, and thinking more in relationships.
So as we try to create a more perfect unit, think about what we do with each other.
Thank you.
In 2007, I decided that we had to rethink how we think about economic development.
Our new goal should be that when every family thinks where it wants to go and work, have the chance to choose between at least a handful of different cities that are competing to attract new residents.
Well, right now we're far away from that target.
There are billions of people in developing countries that don't count a single city willing to get them.
But the amazing thing about cities is that they're worth more than their building cost.
So we could easily deliver the world dozens, maybe hundreds of new cities.
Well, this can sound absurd if you've never thought about new cities.
But just replace for apartment buildings.
Imagine that half of those who wanted to live in apartments were already proprietary and the other half still would be missing.
They could try to increase the capacity by making applications in all existing buildings.
But you know that the problem that you're going to face is that those buildings and areas that surround them have norms to avoid the discomfort and the distractions of construction.
So it would be very difficult to do all of those applications.
But they could go to a completely new place, build a whole new apartment building, always, and when the rules of that place facilitate construction instead of putting it.
So I proposed that governments create new amounts of reforms to be able to get cities and give them a name: low cities.
I later learned that more or less at the same time, Jamie and eighth were thinking about the challenge of reform Honduras.
They knew that every year about 75,000 holes would come out of their country to go to the United States, and they wanted to ask what they could do to make sure that those people could stay and do those same things in Honduras.
In the summer of 2009 Honduras went through a degraded constitutional crisis.
In the next regular elections, fish Bollywood is deliberately imposed with a platform in which I promise reforms and at the same time reconciliation.
He asked eighth to be his boss chief.
Meanwhile, I was preparing to give a talk at TEDGlobal.
Through a process of perfect, trial and error and a lot of users with users, I tried to reduce this complicated concept of cities under status to their most essential ideas.
The first point was the importance of norms, like those rules that say you can't go and bother all of the current resident of apartments.
We pay a lot of attention to new technologies, but you need both technologies like norms to progress, and usually it's the rules that prevented us to move forward.
In the fall of 2010, a friend of Guatemala sent to October a link with TEDTalk.
He showed him to Jamie.
They called me.
They said,``Let's show this to the leaders of our country . ''
So in December we met in Miami, in a hotel conference room.
I tried to explain this point about how valuable cities are, much more valuable than their monetary cost.
And I used this image that shows the value of the land in a place like New York City . Notice, land that, in some cases, are worth thousands of dollars per square meter.
But it was a pretty abstract discussion, and at some point, when there was a pause, October said,``Paul, maybe we could see the video of TEDTalk . ''
And the talk described in very simple terms that a very simple city is a place where you start with broken terrain, a status that specifies the rules that will apply there and a choice so that people can choose whether they want to go or not living under those norms.
So the president of Honduras called me, and said that we had to do this project, this is important, this could be the path for our country to advance.
He asked me to go to Tenescape and talk about new four and five of January.
So I presented another talk full of data, which included an image like this, which was trying to explain that to generate a lot of value to a city, this has to be very big.
This is a picture of Denver and the white line is the new airport that was built in Denver.
Only this airport covers over 100 square kilometers.
So I was trying to convince the speakers that to build a new city, you have to start with a site that was at least 1,000 square kilometers.
That's over 100,000 acres.
Everyone applauded the world.
The public faces were very serious and attentive.
The leader of Congress approached the platform and said,``Professor Romeo, thank you very much for your talk, but maybe you could see the video of TEDTalk.
I have here in my computer . ''
So I sat down and showed the TEDTalk.
And this explained how essential, that a new city can offer new choices for people.
There would be a choice of a city that you could go to in Honduras, rather than hundreds of miles away to North.
And they also include new choices for leaders.
Because the leaders of the Honduras government would need help of countries associated, could benefit from the associated countries that would help them set up and make the norms of the status, so that everybody could trust that the status effectively turned.
We went and we saw a site.
This picture is from there.
It could easily take about 1,000 square kilometers.
And shortly after, January 19, they voted in Congress to improve their Constitution and add a constitutional device that would allow these special regions of development.
In a country that had just passed through this painful crisis, the voting in the Congress in favor of this constitution was 120 to one.
All parties, all the factions in society, supported it.
To include the Constitution, you have to take twice in Congress.
The 17th of February was passed again in another vote, from 115 to one.
Immediately after the vote, from 21 to 24 of February, a 300 denial delegation was at the two places in the world that are more interested in engaging in the city building.
One of them is South Korea.
This is a picture of a new big center of the city that is building in South Korea; it's bigger than Boston's center.
Everything you see there was built in four years, after they spent four years, getting permission.
The other country that's interested in building cities is Singapore.
In fact, you've built two cities in China and you're preparing for a third.
And if you think about this in a practical way, this is the point where we are.
They have a site, and they're already thinking about a site for the second city.
They're preparing a legal system that would allow the administrators to come, and they would be allowed to operate under an external legal system.
A country has already committed to allow his Supreme Court to be the last institution for this new judicial system.
There are urban urbanism and cities that are very interested in the project.
They can even get some funding.
But the only thing we know that they've already solved is that they have a good number of inhabitants.
There are many companies who wanted to install in America, especially in a place with a free trade zone, and there are a lot of people who would like to go there.
In the world there are 700 million people who say they would like to change another place.
There's a million a year coming out of Latin America to go to the United States.
Many of them are parents who have to leave back to their family to go get a job; sometimes they are single mothers who have to earn money to just eat or buy clothes.
Sadly, sometimes there are even children who are trying to meet their parents who haven't seen, in some cases, in a decade.
So what do you think about building a new city in Honduras?
Or do you build a dozen of these, or a hundred of these around the world?
What do you seem to think about insisting so that families can choose between various cities that are competing to attract new residents?
This is an idea worth spreading.
And my honest friends asked me to say,``Thank you TED . ''
I'm Jesus, and this is my value.
But before you show you what's inside, I'm going to make a public confession, and that is, I live obsessed with suit.
I love to find, to dress, and more recently, photograph and publish in my blog blog, trapped, colorful and different for every time.
But I don't buy anything new.
All my clothes is a second hand of thumb markets and secondhand stores.
Ah, thank you.
The second hand stores allow me to reduce the impact of my career in the environment and in my wallet.
I get to know interesting people; usually my money goes to a good cause; my respect is unique, and buy becomes my personal search for treasures.
I mean, what am I going to find today?
Is it going to be my workshop?
Am I going to like color?
I'll cost less than 20 dollars?
If all the answers are positive, then I feel I've won.
Back to my value, I want to tell you what I packed for this exciting week at TED.
I mean, what does anybody have to have all that clothes?
So I'm going to show you exactly what I brought.
I've brought seven pairs of inner clothes, and nothing else.
Now, underwear for exactly a week is all I've put in my value.
I thought it would be able to find everything else that I'd like to use after I got here to Palm Springs.
And because they don't know me as the woman walking by TED in underwear, that means I found some things.
And I'd like to show you now the sets for this week.
Doesn't it sound interesting?
While I do that, I'm also going to tell you some of the lessons of life that, believe it or not, I've learned in this adventure of not using new clothes.
Let's start with Sunday.
I call this brilliant tiger.
You don't have to spend a lot of money to look good.
You almost always see phenomenal for less than 50 dollars.
All the together, including the jacket, took me 55, and it's the most expensive thing I've ever used in the week.
Monday: color is energy.
It's almost physically impossible to be wrong, when you're looking at a brilliant red display.
If you're happy, you're going to attract other happy people.
Mars: integration is overwhelmed.
I've spent a lot of time in life trying to be myself and at the same time.
I just know yourself.
If you're surrounded by the right people, you won't only understand you, you'll also appreciate you.
Wednesday: Guither of the child you carry inside.
Sometimes people tell me that it seems to play the distributions, or I remind you to your small age of seven.
I like to go to you and say,``Thank you . ''
Thursday: trust is the key.
If you think you're okay with something, it's almost sure you're.
And if you think you don't look good with something, it probably is true.
My mother taught me this day after day.
But it wasn't until the 30 years that I really understood his meaning.
And I'm going to explain it in a few seconds.
If you think you're a beautiful person in your inner and outside, you don't see you can't attract.
So there's no excuse for anybody from this audience.
We need to be able to achieve everything we want to achieve.
Thank you.
Rives: A universal truth six words for you: The golden lenses go with everything.
And finally, Saturday: I'll develop a very cool way to tell the world something about you without having to say a word.
I've tried it over and over again when people came to me this week simply for what I was using . And we had fantastic conversations.
Obviously all of this is not going to go into my little value.
So before I go home, to Brooklyn, I'm going to donate everything.
Because the lesson I'm trying to learn this week is that you have to leave behind certain things.
I don't need to stand emotionally to these things, because around the corner, there will always be another crazy, colorful and brilliant suit, if there's a little love in my heart and search.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
This is a representation of your brain that we can divide in two parts.
The left side, which is the logic, and the right side, which is the intuitive part.
So, if we use a scale to measure the competence of every hemisphere, we could design a blueprint of our brain.
For example, this would be somebody who's completely logical.
This would be somebody who's totally intuitive.
So, where do you take your brain on this scale?
Some of these ends, but I think for most of the integrity of this audience, your brain is something like this -- with a great bet in both hemispheres at the same time.
It's not that they're mutually exclusive.
You can be logical and intuitive.
I consider one of those people, that just like most of the other quantum physicists, we need pretty logical to kill these complicated ideas.
But at the same time, we need a lot of intuition to make experiments really work.
How do we develop this intuition? Well, we like to play with things.
We're playing with them and then we see how they react, and then we develop our intuition from that point.
And actually, you do the same thing.
A certain intuition that you may have developed over the years is that one thing can be only in one place at a time.
I mean, it can sound weird to think that one thing is in two different places at the same time, but you weren't born with this notion, they developed it.
I remember watching a child playing on a parking bar.
It was a little kid, and I didn't do it very well, it always fell.
But I bet that playing with that parking bar, I teach you a valuable lesson, and that is that big things don't allow them to spread them, and they stay in a place.
This is a great conceptual model that you can have the world, except you're a particle physicist.
It would be a terrible model for a particle physicist, because they don't play with parking bars, they play with these strange little particles.
And when they play with their particles, they discover that they do all kinds of really rare things -- like they can go through walls, or they can be in two different places at the same time.
And then they wrote all these observations, and they called quantum mechanics theory.
At that point, a few years ago, you need quantum mechanics to describe those little particles.
But they didn't need to describe the big objects around us every day.
That didn't fit very well to my intuition, and maybe it's because I don't play very often with particles.
Well, sometimes I play with them, but not much.
And I've never seen them.
I mean, no one saw a particle.
But it didn't fit well to my logical part.
Because if everything is made of little particles and all the small particles follow the principles of quantum mechanics, then shouldn't all follow the principles of quantum mechanics?
I don't find the reason why I shouldn't.
And so I would feel much better if I could somehow prove that a common object also follows the principles of quantum mechanics.
That's why a few years ago, I proposed to do exactly that.
And I did.
This is the first object you can see that has been in a quantum mechanics overlap.
What we see here is a little computer chip.
And you can try to see the green dot right in the middle.
That's the metal that I'm going to talk about in a minute.
This is a picture of the object.
And here I'm going to extend it a little bit . It's right at the center.
And then here we do a very good approach to the small metal rate.
What we see is a little bit of metal, with transfer, and it will be supported in a platform.
And so I did this almost the same way you would make a computer chip.
I went to a clean room with a new silicon chip, and I went to work all the big machines for about 100 hours.
For the last material, I had to build my own machine -- to make this straight form of swimming, which is under the device.
This device has the ability to be in a quantum overlap, but for it, it needs a little help.
Let me make an analogy.
You know how uncomfortable it is to be in an elevator full of people.
I mean, when I'm in an elevator alone, I do all kinds of weird things, but then when other people go up to do those things, because I don't want to bother them, or actually scared.
Quantum mechanics says that inanimate objects behave in the same way.
The journey partners of inanimate objects are not just people, it's also the light that's burning and the wind that goes on its side and the heat of the room.
So we knew that if we wanted this piece of metal to behave according to quantum mechanics, we would have to expand all the other passengers.
And that's what we did.
We turn out the lights, then we introduced a vacuum, and we extracted all the air, and then we put it into a temperature of less than a degree above the absolute zero.
Now, by being alone in the elevator, the little piece of metal is free to act as it wants.
So we measured their movements.
We discovered that it's moved in very strange ways.
Instead of staying perfectly still, I was vibrating . And the way I was vibrating was like a breath in this form -- like a free that expands and contract.
And by giving it a smooth push, we could make it vibrate and not at the same time -- something that only happens with quantum mechanics.
So what I'm telling you is something really fantastic.
What does it mean that a vibrant and not vibrate at the same time?
Let's think about atoms.
In one case: all the trillion atoms that make that metal piece are still, and at the same time, those same atoms are moving up and down.
It's just in certain instances when those are aligned.
In the rest of time, they're devastated.
It means that every atom is in two different places at the same time, which means that all the piece of metal is in two different places.
I think this is great.
Seriously.
He's worth it in a clean room to do this for all those years, because, look at this, the scale difference between one atom and that metal of metal is roughly the same as the difference between that metal of metal and you.
So if one atom can be in two different places at the same time, and that metal piece can be in two different places, why don't you also?
I mean, it's my logical part.
So imagine if they were in several places at the same time, how would that be?
How do you get your consciousness if your body was devastated in space?
There's another part of the story.
And it's when we heat it, and we looked inside the box, we saw that metal was still there in one piece.
And I could get to this new intuition, seemingly all objects in the elevator, actually only quantum objects that are just made in a little space.
You hear a lot about that quantum mechanics claims that everything is interconnected.
Well, that's not so true.
It's more profound.
It's that those connections, your connections to all the things around you, literally define who you are, and that's the deep range of quantum mechanics.
Thank you.
My name is Amy.
And 18 months ago, I was doing another job at Google, until I launched the idea of doing something related to museums and art to my boss that's here and allowed me to take it.
It took me 18 months.
A lot of negotiations and stories, I assure you, with 17 very interesting museums of nine countries.
But I'm going to focus on the demo.
There's a lot of stories of why we did it.
I think my own story is simply explained in this slide, and this is access.
I grew up in India.
It's a great education of a great education, but I had no access to many of these museums and artwork.
So when I started traveling and going to museums, I started learning a lot.
And working on Google, I try to make the desire to make it more accessible by technology.
So we formed a team, a great team of people, and we started doing it.
It's better than show the demo to then tell you a couple of interesting things that we've taken from their launch.
So, just: we go to Georgetown.
Look around all the museums there.
There is the Defent gallery, the MoMA, the Embracing, the Riversides, the Google Van.
I'm actually going to go into one of my favorites, to the Metropolitan, the New York Museum art museum.
There are two ways of doing it -- very simple.
We click and, oh, we're already inside the museum.
No matter where they are, Bombay or Mexico, that actually doesn't matter.
You move around and you're fun.
Do you want to navigate the museum?
We opened the plane up, and, with one click, we jump inside.
They're inside, they want to go at the end of the hallway.
Keep ahead . You'll be fun.
explore.
Thank you, but I haven't come to the best.
Now, I'm in front of one of my favorite paintings,``The Constraints"from Pieter Britain in the metropolitan.
I see the sign C.
If the museum shows us the image, we click there.
Look, this is one of the images.
Here's all metadata information.
For those of you who are really interested in art, you can click there, but I'm going to click here right now.
And this is one of the images that we've captured in what we call the gigabate technology.
So this image, for example, contains, I think, about 10 billion pixels.
And there are many people who ask me,``And what do you get with 10 billion pixels? ''
So I'll show you what you really get with 10 billion pixels.
It can do romantic around a very simple way.
You see fun things that are happening.
I love this guy, his expression has no price.
But if you really want to do it.
So I started playing, and I found something that happened there.
And I said,``A moment, this seems interesting . ''
I walked in and discovered that kids were actually playing something.
And I did research a little bit, I talked to some people from the metropolitan, and I actually discovered that this is a game called [unclear] ], which is to hit an ocean with a stick, Carlord Tuesday.
And apparently it was very popular.
I don't know why they did, but I've learned something about it.
And now we're going to get even deeper in depth, and you'll see that you can actually get to the cracks.
Now just to give you a little bit of perspective, I'm going to move the image, so you'll see really what there is.
This is where we were, and this is the painting.
The best thing is to come, a second.
So now we're going to jump again to the MoMA in New York.
Here's another one of my favorites,``The night star . ''
The example I showed was to find details.
But what if you want to see the painted?
What if you want to see how van Gogh actually created this masterpiece?
It increases it and actually does.
I go to one of my favorite parts in this picture, and I'm really going to get to the cracks.
This is``The Star night ,"I think I've never seen this before.
I'm going to show you another one of my favorite functions.
There are lots of things more here, but I don't have time to show you.
This is the really cool part . It's called collections.
All of you, absolutely everybody, doesn't matter whether you're rich or poor, or if you have a mansion, that gives you the same.
You can online to create your own museum, create your own collection from all these images.
It's very simple, we enter, I've created this function that I call``The Power of The EB ,"we just made a zoo around.
It's about``The ambassadors"in London National Gallery.
You can notice things, send it to your friends and keep a conversation about what you feel when you contemplating these masterpieces.
So in conclusion, I think for me, the main thing is that all amazing things really don't come from Google.
No, in my opinion, even coming from museums.
Maybe I shouldn't say this.
Actually, they come from those artists.
And that's been my humble experience with this.
I mean, I hope that in this digital medium, I do justice to its artwork and it's represented properly online.
And the big question you do today is,``You did this to repeat the experience of going to a museum? ''
And the answer is no.
It's to supplement the experience.
And that's all . Thank you.
Thank you.
Good afternoon to all.
I have something to show you.
Think that's a pixel, a flying pixel.
In our lab we call it sensitive design.
I'm going to tell you a little bit about this.
If you look at this picture -- I'm an Italian origin, all the kids in Italy grow with this picture on the wall of their bedroom, but the reason I show you this is that there's something very interesting about Formula 1 in the last two decades.
Now, now some time, if you wanted to win a formula of formula one, I would take a budget and put it into a good pilot and a good car.
And if the car and the pilot was good enough, you won the career.
This is what, in engineering, is called real-time control system.
It's essentially a system that has two components: a sensor and an airplane.
Today, what's interesting is that control systems in real time are starting to enter our lives.
Our cities, in the last few years, have been covered with networks and electronics.
They're becoming computers at the free air.
And, as those are, they're beginning to respond differently and they can be detected and accepted.
Control cities is a big thing.
As a note, I wanted to mention that cities are only two percent of the planet's cortex, but they represent 50 percent of the world's population.
75 percent of the energy consumption -- to 80 percent of CO2 emissions.
If we could do something with cities, it would be a big thing.
Beyond cities, all these detectors and activities are entering our everyday objects.
This is from a Palestinian Anthropology exhibition for the end of the MoMA, during the summer.
It's called``Talks I Me . ''
Well, our objects, the environment, start to talk to us.
It's kind of like almost all existing atoms become sensors and actuators.
And that's changing the interaction that as humans have with the outside environment.
In a sense, it's almost like in the old dream of Michelangelo.
You know, when Michelangelo sculpted the Moses, he says, in the end, he took the hammer and threw it to the Moses -- and he can still see a little bit underneath and said,``Excuse me?"-- why not talk?
Well, today, for the first time, our environment starts to talk to us.
And I'm going to show you just a few examples, just insisting on the idea of capturing the environment and accepting something.
Let's start with detection.
The first project I wanted to share with you is actually one of the first projects of our lab.
This was four and a half years ago in Italy.
It was a summer summer in 2006.
It was the year that Italy won the World Cup.
Maybe some of you remember it, they played Italy and France, and at the end of the end, the head gave the head.
And anyway, the end won Italy.
Now let's see what happened that day by looking at activity happening in the network.
So here we see the city.
You see the Coliseum in the middle and the River River.
It's the morning, before the game.
The time line is at the top.
On the late afternoon there are people over here and there making calls, moving.
The game starts: silence.
Gorning from France . Italy from Italy.
Extensive; people make a quick call and go to the bathroom.
Second time . End of regenerative time.
First extra time -- second.
Zepa, and in a moment, the head.
Win Italy, yes!
That night they all went to celebrate the center.
There you see the big summit.
The next day they all went into the center of the winning team and the first minister of then.
And then everybody went down.
You see the image of the place called Cyrus Massachusett where, from the time Roman, people are going to celebrate; it's a great party, you can see the summit at the end of the day.
This is just an example of how you can measure the pulse of the city in a way that we couldn't do just a few years ago.
Another quick example of detection: it's not about people, but things we use and consume.
Today we know all about the procedure of our objects.
This is a map that shows all the chips that make a Mac, how they assemble.
But we know very little about where things go.
So in this project, we developed a little bit of small tags to track the trash in the system.
We started with a few volunteers that helped us in Seattle just over a year ago, to tag what they were throwing -- different kinds of things, as you can see, things that anyway would throw.
Then we put them a little chip, a tag, to the trash, and then we started tracking it.
These are the results.
From Seattle.
After a week.
With this information, we realized that there are a lot of engineers in the system.
We can do the same with much less energy.
These are data that didn't exist.
It's happening things, and there's a lot of unnecessary transportation.
But the other thing that we believe is that if we look at every day that the cup that we use doesn't disappear, that still is somewhere on the planet.
If the plastic bottle that we remove one day, it still remains there.
If we show that to people, then we can promote some behavior change.
That was the reason for the project.
My colleague at MIT, Assumption Limback, could tell us much more about detection and many other great things that we can do with that, but I wanted to go to the second part that we mentioned at the beginning, which is to accept the environment.
And the first project is something we did a couple years ago in Zapan.
It all started with a question from the mayor of the city, which came and told us that Spain and South Europe have a beautiful tradition of water use in public space, in architecture.
And the question was: how can technology, new technology, to join that?
And one of the ideas that we developed at MIT, in a workshop, was: imagine that they have a chaos and valves, velocity valves, languages that open and shut down.
It's created like a water curtain, with water pixels.
If you drop the pixels, you can write in them, show patterns, images, texts.
And when you zoom up, the curtain will open so that we can pass, as you see in the image.
We presented this to the Beijing mayor.
He liked a lot.
And we have a commission to design the building to the entrance of the expo.
We call it Digital Water Pantheon.
The whole building is made of water.
There is no door or windows, but when you get it open up so you can pass.
The ceiling is also covered with water.
And if there's a little wind, if you want to minimize the supermarkets, you lower the ceiling.
Or you can close the building and all architecture disappears, like in this case.
That day there will always be someone, in the winter, when the ceiling goes down, someone who was there and said,``Give the building . ''
No, it's not that they've been demolished, but when it gets down almost all architecture, it goes away.
Here it is in work.
You see people intrigued by what happens inside.
And here I am myself trying to do not to get me on testing the sensors that open the water.
I think I should tell you what happened one night when all the sensors stopped working.
That night was actually even more fun.
All of the children in Zapan came to the building because the way to interact had changed a little bit.
It was no longer a building that was open to let it pass, but a building that was still making cuts and water holes, and you had to jump to get wet.
( People noise) And for us that was very interesting because as architects, engineers, designers, we always think about the use that people give to our designs.
But then the reality is always unpredictable.
And that's the beauty of doing things to interact, that people use.
This is a picture of the building with physical pixels, water pixels and projections about them.
And this is what led us to think about the next project I'm going to show you.
Imagine that those pixels could start flying.
Imagine you could have little helicopters in the air, and each one had a little pixel that changes color as if it was a cloud that moves in space.
This is the video.
Imagine a helicopter, like the one we saw before, moving with others in synchrony.
We could form this cloud.
A kind of flexible screen like this with a normal configuration in two dimensions.
Or normal, but in three dimensions, where what changes is light, not the position of the pixels.
You can play with a different guy.
Imagine the screen will appear in different scales and sizes, in different kinds of resolution.
And then all of that could be a picture of pixels in 3D that you can zoom in and go through, and see from very diverse angles.
This is the real flow flow, going down to form a V, like before.
When the light goes down, you see this . The same thing we saw before.
Imagine each of them controlled by one person.
We can have every pixel with an input that comes from people, the movement of people, etc., etc.
I want to show you something for the first time.
We've been working with Robert Bowl, one of the best ballet dancers of today, the New York City and the Milan Scala and the Milan Scala and to capture their movements in 3D and use them as an entry for Florida.
Here we can see Robert dancing.
On the left, you see the pixels, the capture in different resolution.
It's so much 3D digitization in real time as a movement capture.
It can rebuild all the movement.
You can run all the way.
And once we have the pixels, we can play with them, with color and movement, with gravity and rotation.
We want to use this as a possible entry for Florida.
I wanted to show you the last project that we're working on.
It's something for the London Olympics.
It's called the cloud.
And the idea is, imagine again, that we could involve people to do something and change our environment -- almost like a cloud of clouds like the grain skull, but with a cloud.
Imagine that we could get everybody to give you a little bit for a pixel.
And I think the remarkable thing that has happened in the last few years is that, in the last two decades, we move from the physical world to the digital world.
We've digitized everything, like knowledge, and it's accessible through the Internet.
Today, for the first time -- and the Obama campaign showed us, we can move from the digital world, the self-organizing power of networks, to the physical world.
In our case, this may want to use it to design and make a symbol.
That would mean something built in a city.
But tomorrow can be to address today's challenges: think about climate change or CO2 emissions . How do we move from the digital world to the physical world?
The idea is that we can make people engage to do this together, collectively.
The cloud is a cloud, again, made of pixels in the same way that the real cloud is a particle of particles.
And those particles are water, whereas in our cloud are pixels.
It's a physical structure in London, but covered with pixels.
You can move inside, have different experiences.
You can see from the bottom, to serve to share the main moments of the 2007 Olympics and even more, and can be used as a form of connection with the community.
So, it's both a physical cloud of the sky as something that you can go up, like a new top of London.
You can go there.
As if it was a new digital stick at night, but the most important thing is that it will be a new experience for anyone who goes to the top.
Thank you.
Would you like to be better than you are?
Suppose you said that, with just a few changes in their genes, they could improve memory -- for more precise, more accurate and faster.
Or maybe you'd like to be in better form, to be stronger, have more resistance.
Would you like to be more attractive and secure of yourself?
What about living more with good health?
Or maybe they're from those people who always wanted to be more creative.
What do you want more?
What would you like, if you could choose something?
( Audience member: creativity) creativity.
How many people choose creativity?
Raise your hand . Let me see.
A few . I probably owe to the number of creative people.
That's very good.
How many pick memory?
A few more.
What about the physical state?
A little less.
What about longevity?
Oh, most . That makes me feel very well as a doctor.
If you could have some of this, the world would be very different.
Is it just imagination?
Or may it be possible?
Evolution has been a permanent theme here at TED Conference, but today I want to give you a doctor's look at a doctor.
The great generation of the 20th century, T.B . Doorway, who would be in the Orana Orthodox Russell, wrote a trial called``Nothing in biology makes sense of the light of evolution . ''
But if you effectively accept biological evolution, consider this: Is it just the past, or the future?
Is it about others or us?
This is another look at the tree of life.
The human part of this branch, well at an extreme, is, of course, the most.
We've gone from a common ancestor with modern chimpanzees about six or eight million years ago.
There's been maybe 20 25 different species of hominids.
Some of you have gone and back.
We've been here about 130 years.
It might seem that we're very far from other parts of this life tree, but actually, mostly the basic machinery of our cells is roughly the same.
Do you realize that we can harness and control the machinery of a common bacteria to produce the protein of the human insulin that's used to treat diabetes?
This is not like human insulin, but it's the same protein, chemically indistinguishable, that it comes out of the pancreas.
And talking about bacteria -- do you realize that we all take in the most bacterial intestine than the cells we have in the rest of the body?
Maybe 10 times.
I mean, think of -- when Antonio Damascus puts them out of self-assembly -- think about bacteria?
The gut is a wonderfully hospital environment for those bacteria.
It's warm, dark, wet, is very cozy.
And we're going to give you all the nutrients that you can want without any effort of your part.
It's really like a quick way for bacteria with the occasional disruption of some force to the output.
But, by the way, we are a wonderful environment for those bacteria in the same way that they are essential for our life.
They help digest nutrients, and they protect us from certain diseases.
But what gives us the future?
Are we in a kind of evolutionary balance as a species?
Or are you destined to become something different, maybe better adapted to the environment?
In this vast symphony of the universe, life on Earth is like a brief companies -- the animal kingdom, as one single and only companies, and human life, a small note of grace.
That was us.
And it was also the entertaining part of this talk, so I hope that you've enjoyed it.
When I recently entered college, I had my first kind of biology.
I was fascinated by the elegance and beauty of biology.
I fell in love with the power of evolution, and I realized something fundamental: in most of the existence of life, in the single-celled organisms, every cell is simply divided and all the genetic energy in that cell is transmitted to the two daughter cells.
But when multicellular organisms appear, things start to change.
It enters sexual reproduction.
And something very important: with the emergence of sexual reproduction that happens the genome, the rest of the body becomes predictable.
In fact, you might say that the inevitability of the death of the body is coming into evolution at the same time of sexual reproduction.
I have to confess that when I was a college student, I thought, well, sex, sex, sex for sex; it seemed quite reasonable at the time, but with every year I was going, and I had more doubts.
I came to understand George Burns's feelings, which still acted in Las Vegas well in their 90s.
And one night someone hit his hotel door.
He opens the door.
And in front of him, it finds a magnificent light dancer.
He looks at it and he says,``I've been looking for a``sex soup . ''
\" Okay ,"George says,``I choose the soup . ''
I realized, as a doctor, who was working for a different target to the goal of evolution -- not necessarily control, only different.
I was trying to preserve the body.
I wanted us to keep us healthy.
I wanted to recover health in disease.
I wanted you to live more and more healthy.
Evolution is to pass the genome to the next generation, adapt and survive generation after generation.
From an evolutionary point of view, you and I are like designer rockets designed to send genetic charge into the next orbital level, and then let me fall into the sea.
I think we'll all understand the feeling that Woody Allen expressed when he said,``I don't want to achieve immortality through my work.
I want to do it not dying . ''
Evolution doesn't necessarily favor longevity.
It doesn't necessarily favor the biggest or the strongest or the fastest and even the smartest.
Evolution favors the creatures better adapted to their environment.
That's the only survival and success test.
At the bottom of the ocean, the bombing bacteria that can survive the heat of the smokers that would produce, if there were fish there, fish cooked, yet they've managed to make that an accelerate environment.
So what does this mean, when we look at what's happening in evolution, and if we think about the place of humans in evolution, and in particular, if we look forward to the next phase, I would say there are a lot of possibilities.
The first is we don't evolve.
We've reached a kind of balance.
And the underlying reasoning would be that through medicine, in first, we've known to preserve a lot of genes that otherwise would have been discarded and eliminated from the population.
And secondly, as a species, we've continued our environment to adapt to us as well as we adapt to him.
And by the way, we migrated, circular, and we get so excited that it's no longer possible to have the isolation for the evolution to happen.
A second possibility is that you produce an evolution of traditional, natural type, imposed by nature forces.
And the argument here would be: the gears of evolution roll down, but they're inevitable.
And in terms of isolation, when we look at distant planets are going to exist in isolation and environmental changes that can produce evolution in natural ways.
But there's a third possibility, attractive, intriguing, scary possibility.
It's called the new evolution, the new evolution, which is not just natural -- but guided and chosen by us as individuals in the decisions we'll take.
Now, how could this happen?
How could we get to do this?
We first consider the reality that many people today, in some cultures, are making decisions about their offspring.
In some cultures, they're choosing to have more males than women.
It's not necessarily good for society, but it's what's chosen at the individual and familiar level.
Think also that if you were able to choose not just the sex of your offspring, but in your own body, do your genetic adjustments to cure or prevent diseases.
What if we could do the genetic changes to remove diabetes or Alzheimer's or reduce risk of cancer or eliminate the complexity?
Wouldn't you want to make those changes in your genes?
If we look at the future, that kind of changes is going to be increasingly possible.
The Human Genome Project started in 1990 and demands 13 years.
It cost 7.7 billion dollars.
The next year of ending, in 2004, I could do the same work for 20 million dollars in three months.
Today, you can get a complete sequence of the three billion base pairs of the human genome to a cost about 20,000 and in a week.
It's not going to lack a lot so that the human genome is made for $1,000 and become increasingly aware of everyone.
These changes are coming.
The same technology that human insulin has produced in bacteria can make viruses that are not only going to protect us from themselves, but they're going to induce against other viruses.
Believe, or there is no experimental trial in course with the vaccine against growing flu in cells of a tobacco plant.
Can you imagine something good about the tobacco?
That's true today and in the future is going to be more and more possible.
Imagine just other two little changes.
Can you change your body cells, but if you could change the cells of your offspring?
What if you could change the sperm and the eggs, or change the newly fertilized flight, and give your children a better chance of a healthier life, remove diabetes, eliminate the humor, reduce the risk of cancer?
Who doesn't want healthier children?
And then, that same analytical technology, that same engine of science that can produce changes to prevent disease is going to allow us to also allow spiraling spiraling -- a better memory.
Why don't you have the ingenuity of a Ken Jennings especially if you could increase it with the next generation of the machine Watson?
Why don't you have a faster concentration muscle that allows us to run faster and more distance?
Why not live longer?
This is going to be insulin.
And when we're in conditions of passing this to the next generation, and we can adopt the attributes that we wanted to have become the evolution of before in the neocortex.
We're going to take a process that could normally take 100,000 years, and we can compress it to 1,000 years, and maybe it happens within the next 100 years.
These are elections that their grandchildren, or the grandchildren of their grandchildren, are going to have them.
Are we going to use these options in a better, more successful society?
Or are we going to selectively choose different attributes that we want for some of us but not for others?
Are we going to build a society that is more boring and more uniform or more robust and more vegetables?
This is the kind of question we're going to have to face.
And most profound about all: are we going to be able to develop wisdom and inherit wisdom necessary to make these decisions wisely?
For bad or for bad, and before what I might think, these options are going to depend on us.
Thank you.
Imagine a big explosion when you're at 900 feet tall.
Imagine a plane full of smoke.
Imagine a engine making a click, click, click.
Clearly, click, click, click . Sounds frightening.
Well, I had a unique seat that day . I was sitting in the 18.
It was the only one that could talk to flight assistants.
So I immediately looked at them, and they said,``No problem . We probably hit some birds . ''
The pilot had already looked at the plane, and we weren't so far away.
You could see Manhattan.
Two minutes later, three things happened at the same time.
The pilot runs the plane with the Hudson River.
It's usually not the route.
It turned out engines.
Imagine being in an airplane and without noise.
And then he said three words.
The three most challenging words I've ever heard.
He said,``prepare for impact . ''
I didn't have to talk more with flight assistant.
I could see her in his eyes.
It was terror . Life was finished.
I want to share with you three things I learned about myself that day.
I learned that everything changes in an instant.
We have this list of things to do before we die, these things that we want to do in life, and I thought about all the people I wanted to get to, and I didn't, all the closest ones I wanted to repair, all the experiences I've wanted to have and I never had.
While I was thinking about that later, I came up with a phrase, which is,``Collective wine . ''
Because if the wine is ready, and the person is there, I'm going to open it out.
I don't want to apply anything in life.
And that urgency, that purpose, has really changed my life.
The second thing that I learned that day -- and this is as we evolved the George Washington Bridge, which wasn't very much -- I thought about, wow, I really feel a great weigh.
I've lived a good life.
In my humanity and my mistakes, I've tried to improve everything I did.
But in my humanity, I also give rise to my ego.
And I'm sorry about the time that it took on things that don't matter with people who matter.
And I thought about my wife with my wife, with my friends, with people.
And then, as a measure in that, I decided to remove the negative energy of my life.
It's not perfect, but it's much better.
In two years, I haven't had a fight with my wife.
It feels wonder.
I'm not trying to be right; I'll be happy.
The third thing I learned -- and this is like your mental clock is finding,``15 , 14 , 13 . ''
You see the water.
I'm saying,``Please fly . ''
I don't want this to be broken in 20 pieces as you see in those documentaries.
And as we go down, I had the feeling of, wow, die not fear.
It's almost like we've been preparing for it all our life.
But it was very sad.
I didn't want to go; I love my life.
And that sadness broke into a single thought, which is, I just wish one thing.
I wish I could see my kids grow.
A month later, I was in an act of my daughter -- first grade, not a lot of artistic talent -- still . And shouting, crying, like a small one.
And for me, that was the whole reason to be the world.
At that point I understood, by connecting those two points, that the only thing that matters in my life is to be a great father.
Now, the only goal I have in life is to be a good parent.
I was given a miracle, not to die that day.
And I became another gift, which was the chance of looking at the future and going back and living in a different way.
You're flying today, the challenges you imagine the same thing happens to you in your airplane -- and please imagine, and how do you change?
What do they do, they still hope to do because they think they're going to live forever?
How do they change their relationships and negative energy in them?
And most importantly, are the best parents who can be able to?
Thank you.
I've clearly been blessed in life with many amazing projects.
But the most great thing I worked on was this guy.
The guy is called TEDGlobal.
TEDGlobal was one of the most important graffiti in the 1980s.
One day he came to his house after running and said,``Dad, I feel an ant in the legs . ''
And that was the beginning of ALS.
Today TEDPA has a total paralysis.
It can only use the eyes.
His job influenced me.
I have a design company and animation, so obviously, graffiti is something that we admire and respect in the world of art.
So we decided that we were going to sponsor Tony, TEDx, and his cause.
So I went and met with her brother and his father and said,``Let's give you this money.
What are you going to do with it? ''
And his brother said,``I just want to be able to talk to Tony again.
I just want to be able to communicate with him and that he was able to communicate with me . ''
And I said,``A second, not that I've seen Stephen Hawking is not that all people with paralysis can communicate through those devices? ''
And he said,``No, unless you're somebody important and you have a very good insurance you can't actually do it.
These devices are not affordable for people . ''
And I said,``Well, how do you communicate then? ''
Anybody look at the movie``The Scrap and The butterfly"?
They're communicating in that way -- they're going to go through the finger.
I said,``That's archaic . How can it be? ''
So I was presented with the only desire to deliver a check, and instead I signed a check that had no idea how it was going to cover.
He engaged me with his brother and his father there at that precise moment,``All right, this is the deal: Tony is going to talk, we're going to build a machine, and we're going to find a way to make his art again.
Because it's ridiculous that someone who has so much inside they can't communicate . ''
So I talked about a conference a couple months later.
And I met these guys called``Graffic Research Lab ,"which have a technology that allows them to project a light in any surface, and then, with a laser pointer, they draw about that and register the negative space.
So they go around doing art facilities like this.
All the things that appear, they say, are part of a cycle of life.
They first start with sexual organs, then with bad words, after the Bush attacks, and at the end, people start making art.
But there was always a cycle of life in their presentations.
And so he started the journey.
And about two years later, about a year later, after a lot of organization and a lot of moving, we had achieved a couple of things.
One, we played the doors of insurance companies and we got a machine for TEDGlobal to communicate, a machine like Stephen Hawking.
Which was great.
And seriously, it's the most fun thing -- I call it``Life ,"because when I talk to the guy, you get an email of it, and you say,``I don't deserve it . This guy is fantastic . ''
The other thing we did was bring seven programmers around the world literally in all the corners of the planet to our house.
My wife, the kids and I, we moved to the garage of the back and these hackers and programmers and conservatives and antibiotics took the control of the house.
A lot of our friends thought that we did something completely stupid, and when we were going back, they would have taken off the frames of the walls and instead there would be graffiti.
But for two weeks we program, we went to the marine ride of Venice, my son was part, my dog also, and we created this.
It's called Eril``Scream, NT] and you can see the description.
It's a couple of cheap sunglasses that we buy in the shipping ride of Venice Beach, some of the copper wire and things of Homer Depression and Radio Shack.
We take a PSA camera, we open it, we put it on a LED light, and now there's a device that is free -- it's building yourself; we published the free code, the software is freely low.
And we created a device that has no limitation at all.
There's no insurance company that says``no . ''
There is no hospital that can say``no . ''
Any person with paralysis today has access to draw and communicate using only their eyes.
Thank you.
Thank you very much to you, that was awesome.
So at the end of the two weeks we went back to the TEDGlobal room.
I love this picture because this is the room of another person, and that's your room.
There was all this bullet and oil during the great opening.
And after more than a year of planning, two weeks of programming, intense sessions all night, Tony came back to draw for the first time in seven years.
And this is a wonderful picture because this is the support system of your life, and it's looking through the support system of your life.
We ran the bed so he could see.
And we put a project on a wall of the parking outside of the hospital.
And he came back to draw for the first time in front of his family and friends -- and they would imagine what was the feeling in parking.
The funny thing was, we had to break into the parking parking, so we felt like we were legislating graffiti as well.
At the end of this, he sent us an email, and this was what he said,``This was the first time I was drawing in seven years.
I felt like I'd been underwater and someone finally came to rescue me, and I would get out there so I could breathe . ''
Isn't it wonderful?
In a way, that's our scream of war.
That's what keeps us moving, developing.
And we have a long way to get this.
It's a great device, but it's the equivalent of a magic screen.
Someone with this artistic potential deserves much more.
So we're trying to figure out how to improve it and make it faster and robust.
Since then we've had all kinds of recognition.
We've gained a lot of awards.
Remember, it's free; none of us are making money with this.
It all comes out of our own pockets.
The awards were the guy,``Oh, this is fantastic . ''
Armstrong tweet something about us, and then in December, Time magazine recognized us as one of the 50 best inventions in 2010, and it was really cool.
The best of all of this -- and this is what I end up closing the circle is that in April this year in the Mocking's Defense in the center of Los Angeles, there is going to be an exhibition called``Art in the streets . ''
And``Art in the streets"is going to have the best examples of urban art, Babia Fairula, CA, all of them are going to be there.
TEDGlobal is going to be in the show, which is pretty impressive.
So, basically this is my idea: if you see something that's not possible, make it possible.
None of the things in this room was possible -- the stage, the computer, the microphone, the Scratch nothing was possible at the time.
Make it possible -- anything in this room.
I'm not a programmer, I never did anything with eye recognition technology; I just recognized something and associated with wonderful people so that I could make it happen.
And these are the questions I want all of us to do every day when we find something that we feel to do . If it's not now, when? And if it's not me, who?
Thank you guys.
I've spent the last few years by getting in very difficult situations and at the same time a bit dangerous.
I went to jail -- hard.
I worked on a coal mine -- dangerous.
Film in war zones -- difficult and dangerous.
And I spent 30 days eating just this -- fun at the beginning, something difficult in the middle, very dangerous at the end.
In fact, in a lot of my career, I've been diving in very horrible situations with the only goal to try and examine social issues in ways that are attractive, interesting, and hopefully to analyze them in a way that will look intense and accessible to the audience.
So when I knew that I would come here to do a TEDTalk about the world of brands and the sponsorship, I wanted to do something a little bit different.
So, some of you may have heard, or not, a couple weeks ago, I took a bird in eBay.
I sent some messages on Facebook, some on Twitter, offered in sale the rights of my TEDTalk name of 2011.
What had been the next thing:``AL United Nations: My TEDTalk . ''
But I said this, it's a very good media opportunity . ''
Do you know how many people look at these TEDTalks?
A lot.
It's a progress title, by the way.
So even with that room, I knew somebody was going to buy the law rights.
If you had asked me a year ago, I couldn't be able to tell you with certainty.
But in the new film I'm working on, we examine the world of marketing, advertising.
And as I said earlier, I've been in horrible situations in the last few years, but nothing could prepare me, nothing could anticipate, to something as dangerous or as dangerous as entering the rooms with these guys.
You see, I had this idea for a movie.
Morgan Speed: I want to make a film that deals with the position of products, marketing and advertising, and the whole film is funded with product of products, marketing and advertising.
The movie is going to call``The largest film ever sold . ''
What's happening in``The biggest film ever sold"is that all up to below, from beginning to end, has brand images, all the time, from the curved that appears before the title, brand X.
Now this brand, Lolling Statish, the Star Center.
These people are going to be associated with the film to personality.
And so the film explores all this idea . (Michael Kansas: It's round .) That's what? (MK: It's redundant . )
I'm a round weight . (MK: I just say .) It was more by emphasis.
It was``A Persian . forever . ''
But we're not just going to have the paradism of the X brand in the title, but we're going to make sure that we will make all the categories that we can in the film.
Maybe we'll sell a shoe, and it becomes the most cool shoe you've used.
The most great car you've ever driven in``The largest film ever sell ,"the best suit you've ever drink,``The biggest film ever sold . ''
illiterate Korgen: The idea is then besides showing the brands as part of life, making them fund the film?) MS: And we actually show the whole process of how it works.
The goal of the whole film is transparency.
You're going to see the whole process in this movie.
That's the whole idea, all the film, of beginning to end.
And I would love that CEO to help make it happen.
Robert Friedman: You know, it's funny because it's the first time I hear that; it's the ultimate respect for the audience.
Girl: However, I don't know how much people are going to be people.
XL: You have a perspective -- I don't know if``angle"is very negative, but you know how it's going to repeat?
MS: A million and a half . (DG: All right .) John Kamen: I think it's going to be difficult with them, but that certainly is going to be worth convince a couple of big brands.
XL: Who knows, maybe for the moment that the movie comes out, we look like a lot of joyful idiots.
MS: What do you think it's going to be the answer?
Stuart Redwood: Most of the answers will be``no . ''
MS: But being hard to sell it, by film or to be me?
JK: Both of them.
MS :...it means you're not very optimistic.
So, help me? I need help.
MK: I can help.
MS: All right . (MK: Okay .) Awesome.
MK: We need to think about what brands.
MS: Yeah . (MK: That's the challenge .) When you look at the people you have to treat.
MK: We have some places to go . (MS: Okay .) Turn out the camera.
MS: I thought,``Turn off the camera"meant we have a conversation outside of microphone.
Turn out the camera means``we don't want to know anything about your movie . ''
MS: And that was, one by one, all these companies suddenly disappeared.
No one wanted to do with this film.
I was surprised.
They didn't want to know anything with this project.
And I was very impressed -- I thought the concept of advertising, I thought, was to introduce the product to as many people as possible, to make as much people as it was possible.
Especially in the world today this intersection of new media and old media and separate media scenario, isn't the idea to tell you with that new worthy of attention that's going to take the message to the masses?
No, that's what I thought.
But the problem was, you see, my idea had a transportation mistake and that error was this one.
Actually, no such mistake.
There was no mistake at all.
This would have been right.
But the problem was what this image represents.
See, when you're looking for the profit of transparency in Google, it appears -- this is one of the first images that appear.
I like your roll, Sergey Brin . No.
This was the problem: transparency -- free of simulation or deception -- easily detected or seen -- easily understandable, that it's characterized by the visibility or the access of information, especially in business practices -- being the last line maybe the biggest problem.
You see, we hear a lot about transparency in these days.
Our politicians name it, the president name, even the CEOs name it.
But all of a sudden when it comes to doing it, something really changes.
But why? Well, transparency gives fear -- like that weird bear that still goes on.
It's unpredictable -- like this weird rural path.
And it's also very risky.
What else is that risky?
You're going to eat a whole bowl of Cool White.
That's very risky.
When I started talking to companies and telling you that we wanted to tell this story, and they said,``No, we want you to count a story.
We want you to tell a story, but you tell our story . ''
See, when I was a kid, and my father caught me into some lie -- and there he is, looking at me as he said,``Son, there are three sides in every story.
It's your story, it's my story, and there's the real story . ''
As you see, in this film, we wanted to tell the real story.
But with just one company, an agency, wanting to help me -- and that just because I met John Bond and Richard Kurkian from many years realized I would have to go on my own, I would have to take off and go to companies myself with all my team.
So what I started to look at all of a sudden, what I started to realize is that when you start conversation with companies, the idea of understanding your brand is a universal problem.
MS: I have friends who make big, huge, giant movies and others who make small, independent movies like mine.
And my friends who make hot Hollywood movies, giant, say that the reason their movies have so much success is due to the associated brands that they have.
And then my friends who make independent movies say,``Well, how are we supposed to compete with these big, giant Hollywood movies? ''
And the movie is called``The largest film ever sold . ''
How are we going to specifically see Ben in the movie?
Every time I'm going to go out, every time I open my boat, you'll see the Dutch Canyon.
At any time during an interview with someone, I can say,``Are you right for this interview?
Are you ready? You see a little nervous.
I want to help you calm up.
Maybe you should put a little bit about this before the interview . ''
And there I would offer one of these fabulous arms.
Both``fusion Florida"as``Jeeping of Paradise"are going to have their opportunity.
We're going to have so much for man as for women, solid, to black, in mud, like.
That's the general view.
Now I can answer your questions and give you a quick look.
Karen Frank: We are a small brand.
It's similar to the kind of smaller movies you've told; we're rather a rival brand.
So we don't have the budget that has other brands.
So to do things like that, you know, remind you, it's the reason why it's interested in.
MS: What words would you use to describe Ben?
banana is in white.
KF: That's a big question.
Woman: superior technology.
MS: Technology is not the way you want to describe something that you put in the armpits.
Man: We talk about something bold, fresh.
I think``fresh"is a great word that really puts this category in positive versus``combat the smell and the sweat . ''
It keeps you fresh.
How do you keep you fresh more time? With better, more frankly, three times more fresh.
Things like those who highlight benefits.
MS: And that's a multimedia company.
What about me? What about a common guy?
I need to talk to the man in the street, to people like me, to the components.
They have to talk about my brand.
MS: How do you define your brand?
Man: Mmm my brand?
I don't know.
I like the good clothes.
Woman: revive the 80, paralyzed pants unless it's dancer.
MS: Okay, what is the Greek brand?
RG: One thing . (MS: unique .) Man: I guess the kind of gender, the style that I have would be like a dark glamour.
I like the dark colors very much, a lot of gray and things like that.
Usually I take accessories like sunglasses, or I like crystals and similar.
Woman: If Dan was a brand, it could be a classic convention ,' Merced Benz.
Man 2: The brand I'm, I call it a casual flight.
Woman 2: In the hippie, part of the yogurt, in part of Brooklyn, I don't know.
Man 3: I am the kind of pets.
I'll sell toys for pets in the country and in the world.
So I guess that's my brand.
In my little sector, that's my brand.
Man 4: My brand is FedEx because I deliver the market.
Man 5: Marcus film.
Is that something?
lawyer: I am a lawyer.
Tom: I'm Tom.
MS: Well, we can't all be brand Tom, but I often believe me in the intersection of dark glamour, and I fly.
I realized that I needed an expert.
I needed someone who could go into my head, someone who could help me understand what they call the``brand personality . ''
And I found a company called Olson Zolly in Pittsburgh.
They helped companies like Nepal, February, Hallabish to discover that brand personality.
If they were able to do it for them, they surely could do it for me.
Audience: Bring the photos, right?
MS: Yeah . The first picture is a family picture.
A: Tell me a little bit about how you relate to your thoughts and feelings.
MS: These people model my way to see the world.
A: Tell me that world.
MS: That world? I think your world is the world that you live in -- like the people around you, your friends, your family, the way you live your life, the work you do.
All of those things are originated and they start in a place, and in my case, they're organized and they start in my family, in West Virginia.
A: What is the next one you want to talk about?
MS: The next one is``This was the best day of my life . ''
A: How do you relate to your thoughts, feelings and your way to be?
MS: It's like who I want to be.
I like different things.
I like weird things . I like weird things.
A:``Why"-- why do that serve us?
What is the male? What phase of time you find now?
Why is it important to reset? What represents the red?
And I think about that.
... a little more than you, that's not who you are.
What other mutations have you had?
You don't have to fear . What kind of rollercoaster are you?
MS: Hey! (A: Thank you .) No, thank you.
A: Thank you for your patience . (MS: Great work) A: Yeah . (MS: Thank you very much .) Okay.
MS: Yeah, I don't know what's going to go out of this.
There was a lot of madness in all this.
Lindbergh Zolly: The first thing I saw was this idea that there are two different sides, but complementary, in your brand personality; brand Morgan Spinosaurus is a constant brand.
They're supported very well.
And I think there's almost a paradox on them.
And I think some companies will only focus on one of their strong points or the other instead of focusing on both.
A lot of companies tend to -- and it's human nature to avoid things that they're not safe; they avoid fear, those elements, and you actually give them a little bit of a heart, and you get something positive to you, and it's nice to see that.
What other brands are that?
The first here is the classic, Apple.
And you can also see here to Target, Wii, Prime Minister Cooper, and Kelly.
Now there are playful marks and conscious brands, those things that have gone and come, but a contaminating brand is quite powerful.
MS: A contaminating brand . What's your brand?
If anybody asks you to describe your identity of brand, your brand personality, what would be?
Are you a lazy attribute? Are you someone who makes blood flow?
Or are you more a descending attribute?
A more calm, reserved, conservative?
Alpha attributes are like being fresh like the prince, contemporary, adventure, attractive or audacious like eradicating Elbow, rapid or agile, profane, dominance, magic or mystic like Bangladesh.
Or are you rather than descending?
Are you conscious, sophisticated like 700?
Are you established, traditional, suppliers, protection, you identify with Oprah?
Are you trustworthy, stable, family, reliable, secure, sacred or wise, like the Dalai Lama or Your Young?
In the course of this film, we had more than 500 companies and accelerators and offspring, which said``no ,"they didn't want to be part of this project.
They didn't want to have anything to do with this film, mainly because they had no control, they would have no control on the final product.
They allowed us to tell the story of the neocortex, and we came to tell the story in this movie of how they now use MRI to identify the centers of desire in the brain so much for commercial marketing as for cinema.
We went to San Paulo where they've banned advertising to the free air.
Throughout the city over the last five years, there are no values, there are no posters, there's no flying, nothing.
And we went to school districts where companies are doing way in schools with liquidity problems in America.
The amazing thing to me is that the projects that I've had the biggest answer, or I've been more successful are those where I've been interacting with things directly.
And that's what these brands did.
They took the inmates, they took their agencies, and they said maybe these agencies don't have my best interest in mind.
I'm going to deal directly with artist.
I'm going to work with it to create something different, something that's going to make people think, which is going to challenge the way we look at the world.
And how did they go? Did they succeed?
Well, since the movie are released in the February of the Sun, we take a look.
Now, according to bubbles, the movie is crashing in January, and since then -- and this is not all 900 million impressions in the media for this film.
This covers only a two and a half weeks.
That's only online -- no press, no TV.
The movie is still not distributed.
It's still not online . It's not in stars.
It hasn't even been presented in other countries yet.
Ultimately, this film has already begun to win momentum.
And it's not bad, because almost all the agencies that we talked about, they would not be part.
I've always believed that if you risk, if you take risks, that in those risks there are opportunities.
I think when you take people out of that, it's pushing them to failure.
I think that when you train your employees in the risk, you're preparing all your company to lack reward.
I feel that what has to happen to move forward is that we have to encourage people to risk.
We have to encourage people to have no fear of the opportunities they can scare them.
Ultimately, moving forward, I think we have to give rise to fear.
We have to put that bear in a cage.
We embrace fear . We embrace risk.
From one hunt at a time, we have to embrace risk.
And ultimately, we have to go to transparency.
Today more than ever a little bit of honesty is going to get a long way.
And I said this, with honesty and transparency, all of my talk``We embrace the transparency"has been presented by my good friends of Emily who for 7,000 dollars bought the law rights in eBay.
EM: So turning big data in big opportunities for companies around the world.
Emily says,``We embrace transparency . ''
Thank you very much.
June Cohen: So Morgan, in the name of transparency, which happened exactly with those $7,000?
MS: It's an exceptional question.
In my pocket, I have a name of the name of the TED matrix organization, Sapabil Foundation, a check for $7,000 to be applied to my TED assistance from the next year.
The idea behind the Station computer worm is actually very simple.
We don't want Iran to get the nuclear bomb.
Their biggest asset to develop nuclear weapons is the uranium plant in the Nation.
The gray boxes that you see are real-time control systems.
If we managed to compromise these systems that control speed and valves, we can cause a lot of problems with the centrifuge.
The gray boxes don't use Windows software; they're a completely different technology.
But if we were able to put an effective virus of Windows in a portable computer used by an engineer to confirm this gray box, then we're ready.
This is the plan behind Stanford.
We started with a Windows install.
The eye goes into the gray box, day the centrifuge, and the nuclear program, Iranian, is democratized; mission accomplished.
Is it easy, huh?
I want to tell you how we discovered this.
When we started research on Stature six months ago, the purpose was completely unknown.
The only thing that you know is that it's very, very complex at Windows's part: the installation used multiple vulnerability in the ground.
It seemed to want to do something with these gray boxes, these control systems.
That called us the attention, and we started an experiment where we infected our environment with Stuck and we saw what happened to this.
And so they had very strange things.
Stabbere behaved like a lab rat that he didn't like our cheese: he smelled it, but he didn't want to eat.
It didn't make sense for me.
And after experimenting with different cheese tastes, I realized, and I thought, this is a directed attack.
It's completely driven . ''
The installation is actively looking at the gray box if it finds a specific configuration, and even if the program that's trying to infect is effectively working in that place.
If not, football does nothing.
So that's called my attention, and we started working on this almost 24 hours a day, because I thought,``We don't know what the target is . ''
It could be, let's say, a U.S. energy plant, or a chemical plant in Germany.
It's better than we will discover the target.
So we extracted, and we developed the attack code, and we discovered that I was structured in two digital bombs: a small one.
We also saw that they were very professionally armed by people who obviously had all the internal information.
They knew all the points that I will attack.
You probably even know how much it hits the operator.
So you know everything.
And if you've heard that Stanford's install is complex and high technology, let me tell you: charge is very complex.
It's very above all we've seen before.
So here you see a sample of this attack code.
We're talking about about 15,000 lines of code.
It looks pretty much the old plant.
I want to tell you how we could find meaning to this code.
What we were looking at at the beginning were called to the system functions, because we know what they do.
And then we were looking for temperatures and data structures, and we tried to relate them with the real world, with the potential of the real world.
We need theories on the details that we can approve or disappear.
To get to theories about goals, we remember that it's definitely a violent wisdom, it must be a valuable white, and it's sure in Iran, because it's where most infections has been reported.
You don't find several thousands of targets in that area.
It basically boils down to the nuclear power plant from Bush and the Natasha enriched plant.
So I said to my assistant,``I'm a list of all the experts in centrifuge and energy plants between our clients . ''
And I called them, and I consulted them in an effort for putting their experience with what we find in code and data.
And it worked pretty well.
So we were able to associate the little digital eye with the control control.
The rotor is that mobile part within the centrifuge, that black object you see.
If you manage the speed of this rat, you can certainly break it up and even make the centrifuge explode.
What we also saw is that the goal of the attack was to make it slow and figure out in an obvious effort to go crazy to the maintenance engineers, so that they couldn't solve this quickly.
We tried to decipher the big digital eye by looking very closely to data and their structures.
So, for example, the 16th number of this code, you can't be obvious.
I started researching scientific literature about how these centers are built in Natasha and found that they're structured in what's called a waterfall, and every waterfall contains 166 cents.
That made sense, there was a coincidence.
And it got better yet.
These centers in Iran are divided in 15 parts called stages.
And guess what we find in the attack code?
Almost identical structure.
So again, that was a good coincidence.
This gave us a lot of confidence to understand what we had between hands.
So you have no misunderstanding: it didn't.
The results have been achieved after several weeks of hard work.
We've actually ended up in ships without exit, and we had to start.
Yet, we discovered that both digital birds were pointing one and same goal, but from different angles.
The small eye is taking a waterfall, and making the rotors turn and random them, and the big eye communicates with six waterfalls and manipulating valves.
In addition, we're very confident that we've determined what the destiny is.
It's Natasha, and it's just Natasha.
We should not worry about other targets being reached by Stature.
So here I show you some very interesting things that we saw, really impressed me.
There's the gray box, and up there you see the centrifuge.
What this thing is doing is intercept the values of the sensors of sensors, for example sensors and vibration sensors and provide legitimate code, which still execute during the attack, with false entry data.
And believe it or not, these fake entry data is brought by Stature.
It's like in the Hollywood movies where, during the theft, the security chamber is prepared video.
Is it great?
The idea here is obviously not just to put the operators in the fourth control.
It's really much more dangerous and aggressive.
The idea is to make a digital security system.
We need digital security systems where a human operator could not act fast.
For example, in an energy plant, when the vast steam turbine goes out of speed, you have to open up volcanoes in a milliseconds.
Obviously, this can't make it a human operator.
That's where we need digital security systems.
And when you're engaged, then bad things can happen.
The plant can explode.
And the operations and the security system will notice it.
That's what it scares.
But it can be worse.
What I'm going to say is very important.
Think about this . This attack is generic.
It has nothing to do, specifically, with centralisms, with uranium enriched.
It could work also, for example, in an energy plant, or in an automated factory.
It's generic.
And you don't have -- as a attacker, to disseminate this load with a USB key, as we saw in the case of Stanford.
You could also use conventional worm technology to disseminate it.
Distributed it as possible.
And if you did that, what you end up with is a charity of massive destruction.
That's the consequence we should face.
Unfortunately, the largest number of targets for such attacks is not in the Middle East.
It's in the United States and Japan.
All green areas are spaces with great numbers of targets.
We have to deal with the consequences, and better we start to prepare now.
Thank you.
Chris Anderson: I have a question.
Ralph, it's been public in many sides that people assume that the Moses is the main entity behind this.
What is your opinion?
Ralph Langley: Okay, do you really want to hear this?
Yeah . Okay.
My view is that the Moses is involved, but the engine is not Israel.
The engine behind this is cyber superpower.
There's one one, and that's the United States, fortunately, fortunately.
Because otherwise our problems would be even bigger.
CA: Thank you for joining us . Thank you, Ralph.
I want you to imagine a robot that you can take and give you sub-Saharan skills, or another that makes users of wheelchair go up and walk.
In``Berkeley Bionics ,"we call these robots, exoskeletons.
They're nothing different from something that's put in the morning, it gives you a big force, which is also increasing its speed, and helps it, for example, to handle the balance.
It's actually the real integration of man and machine.
But not only that -- it can integrate it and connect it to the universe and with other things outside.
This is not an unreal idea.
To show you now in what we're working on, we started talking about the American soldier that, on average, has to take on its back a 45 pounds charge, and it's getting even more teams.
Obviously, this leads to some important complications -- injuries on the back, in 30 percent of soldiers -- with chronic damage.
We decided to contemplate this challenge and create an exoskeleton that could help drive the issue.
Let me introduce you to the Huli -- or Present Human charges.
Soldiers: With Human exoskeleton, I can get 90 pounds per variable terrain for many hours.
Their flexible design, it allows you to put into the cultivates and execute movements with great agility.
I perceive what I want to do, or where I want to go, and then increase my strength and my resistance.
Stephen Benjamin: We're ready, with our industrial partner, to produce this device, this new exoskeleton, this year.
I mean, it's a reality.
We're now going to look at it to the wheelchair users, which I feel particularly passionate about.
There are 68 million people roughly, in wheelchair, around the world.
It's one percent of the total population.
And this is a really conservative calculation.
We talk about something that happens often, very young people, with damage in the green column that when they start their life -- at the age of 20 , 30 or 40 -- they collide against a wall and the wheelchair turns out to be their only choice.
We also talk about the population that makes it multiply rapidly.
Their only choice, many times -- for brain injury or some other complication -- is the wheelchair.
And this has been this over the last 500 years, from its successful emergence, as I should recognize.
So we decided to start by writing a new chapter on mobility.
Let me introduce you to the ELAM that's using Amanda Baxter who's 19 years ago, had an injury in the backbone, and as a result, it couldn't walk for 19 years, so far.
Amanda Bogota: Thank you.
EB: Amanda is using our ELA, which I mentioned.
It has a few sensors.
Completely not invasive in the crutches that send signals to the edge computer, here on the back.
There are also a few batteries that give engines to the engines in the hip, and in the knees, and make it move on with this soft and very natural walking.
AB: I was 24 at the top of my life when, by a stranger jump in the air, skiing down the downhill.
In a fraction of a second, I lost all feeling and all movement from the pelvis down.
Shortly time later, a doctor walked into my room in the hospital, and he said,``Amanda, you'll never walk back . ''
That happened 19 years ago.
So I stole to the last piece of hope of my being.
The technology of adaptation since then, it has allowed me to learn how to slow down on the ski, climb rocks and even ride on hand bike.
But they haven't invented anything that allowed me to walk, so far.
Thank you.
EB: As you can see, we have the technology, we have the platforms to sit and talk to you.
It's in our hands, and we have all the potential here to change the life to future generations -- not only of soldiers, but Amanda, and all the users of wheelchair, everyone.
AB: Thank you.
I just came back from a community that has the secret of human survival.
It's a place where women have the bat, practice sex to say hello, and play is the order of the day -- where fun is serious.
And no, it's not the festival of the Garden Man or San Francisco.
Ladies and gentlemen, they know their cousins.
This is the world of the wild bonobos of Congo forests.
The bonobos are, along with chimpanzees, their closest living relatives.
That means that we all share a common ancestor, an evolutionary grandmother, which lived about six million years ago.
Now chimpanzees are known for their aggression.
But unfortunately, we've been too bloated in this aspect in our narrative of human evolution.
But the bonobos show us the other side of the coin.
Whereas chimpanzees are dominated by large, terrifying guys, Bonobo society is in charge of females with power.
These guys have created something special, because this leads to a very tolerant society where deadly violence hasn't been observed.
But unfortunately, bonobos are the least understanding of big apes.
They live in the depths of the rainforest, and it's been very difficult to study them.
The Congo is a paradox -- a land of extraordinary biodiversity and beauty, but also the heart of the tissue itself -- stage of a violent conflict that has been grown for decades and caused almost as many deaths as the First World War.
It's not surprising that this destruction also puts the survival of the Bonobo.
The hunting meat of hunting and deforestation makes you can't fill out or a stadium with the bonobos that are left in the world -- and honestly, we're not sure about it.
However, in this land of violence and chaos, you can hear the hidden laughter by saying the trees.
Who are these cousins?
We know them as the``love, not war, no war ,"because they have frequent and bisexual sex to handle conflict and solve social problems.
I'm not saying that this is the solution to all the problems of humanity, because the life of Bonobos is more than the Kaaba Sub.
The bonobos, like humans, are love to play throughout their lifetime.
Play is not just a child game.
For us, the game is fundamental to establish links and foster tolerance.
We learn to trust, and we learn the rules of the game.
Play increases creativity and resilience and has to do with the generation of diversity -- diversity diversity, behavior diversity, connections diversity.
And when you look at the Bonobo game, you see the evolutionary roots itself of laughter, dance and human ritual.
Play is the glue that unites us.
I don't know how you play you, but I want to show you a couple of unique videos taken from the wild.
First, it's a Bonobo game game, and I don't talk about football.
Here's a female and a young male in the middle of a chase.
Look at what she's doing.
It could be the evolutionary origin of the phrase:``It's got it from the balls . ''
Just I think in this case to him, doesn't it?
Yeah.
So sexual play is both common in Bonobos like humans.
And this video is really interesting, because it shows -- this video is really interesting, because it shows the invention of bringing unusual elements to play like testes and also how play requires trust and promotes trust -- and at the same time it's the most fun thing.
But play is photonetic.
The game is phone, it can adopt many ways, some of which are more quiet, imaginative, curious -- maybe the place where the awe is broken.
And I want you to see -- this is Future, a young female, which is playing with water balanced.
I think, like her, sometimes we play alone, and we explore the limits of our inner and foreign worlds.
And it's that playful curiosity that drives us to explore, to interact, and then the unexpected connections that we form are the real seeds of creativity.
These are just little samples of understanding that Bonobos give us our past and present.
But they also have a secret for our future, a future where we have to adapt to such a harder world more and more creativity and greater cooperation.
The secret is that play is the key to these capabilities.
In other words, play is our adaptation comfort.
To adapt successfully to a world that changes we have to play.
But will we leverage our own game capacity?
The game is not frivolous.
Play is essential.
For Bonobos and humans alike, life is not just cruel and ruthless.
When it looks like the least appropriate thing to play, they can be the moments that the most urgent thing.
So, primates, we accept this gift of evolution and play together as we rediscover creativity, friendship and wonder.
Thank you.
In New York, I'm responsible for developing a nonprofit organization called Robin Hood.
When I'm not fighting poverty, I combat fire as a captain of captain in a body of volunteer firemen.
And in our city, where the volunteers will supplement a highly qualified person, you have to get to the site of the fire very soon to enter action.
I remember my first fire.
I was the second volunteer in the site, so I had a pretty high probability to go.
But yet there was a race to foot against the other volunteers to get to the captain and figure out what our task was.
When I found the captain, I was interested in a conversation with the owner that was certainly going through one of the worst days of his life.
We were at night, she was standing outside in the rain, under a umbrella, in pajamas, shortage, while his house was in flames.
The other volunteer that I just got to get before me, called the Lego Luther came first to the captain, and this asked him to go into and save the dog of the house owner.
The dog! I was quiet.
There I was a lawyer or a church of money that, during the rest of his life, would have to tell people that I walked into a building in the flames to save a living living just because I won for five seconds.
Well, I was the next one.
The captain made me a commander.
He said,``Bezos, I need to be in the house.
I need to go up, go through the fire, and bring this woman a couple shoes . ''
I swear it.
It wasn't exactly what I expected, but I was -- I went up the stairs, at the end of the hallway, I went to the real firemen, which to that height, had finished off the fire and entered the front room in search of a pair of shoes.
I know what you're thinking, but I'm not a hero.
I took my payload back through the ladder where I met my numbers and the beautiful dog in the main door.
We pulled out of the house for the owner of houses where, as he was waiting, his treasure got much more attention than mine.
A few weeks later, the department received a letter from the house owner by the courageous effort shown to save their house.
The kindness that she looked at about the other was somebody had reached them even a pair of shoes.
Both in my voice at Robin Hood and my voice as a volunteer fireman I'm witness and kindness on a monumental scale, but also from acts of grace and courage at the individual level.
And you know what I learned?
Everything has its importance.
So, when I look at this room to people who have achieved, or they're in order to do, remarkable levels of success I'd like to remind you: don't wait.
They don't wait to win the first million to make the difference in someone's life.
If you have something to give, give it now.
They serve food in a dining, clean park of the neighborhood.
Be mentors.
Not every day we're going to have the opportunity to save someone's life, but every day we can influence someone's life.
So you go into play; you save the shoes.
Thank you.
Bruno Giussani: Mark, Mark, come back.
Mark Bezos: Thank you.
This may seem strange, but I am a great admirer of the concrete block.
The first concrete blocks were made in 1858 with a very simple idea: cement modules of a fixed measure that fit each other.
Very quickly, these became the most used building unit in the world.
They've allowed us to build bigger things than we, like buildings or bridges, one brick at a time.
Essentially, these blocks have become the pillars of our time.
Almost a hundred years later, in 1947, Lego came up with this.
It was called an automatic assembly brick.
And in a few years, Lego's bricks came to every home.
It's estimated that they've made more than 400 billion or 75 bricks per person on the planet.
You don't have to be engineer to build beautiful bridges, buildings or houses.
LED made it accessible.
Leonardo simply adopted the concrete block, the favorite in the world, and turned it into a fundamental piece of our imagination.
Meanwhile, exactly that same year, in the Bell labs, the next revolution was about to announce: the new building block.
The transistor was a small unit of plastic that would take us from a world of aesthetic bricks attached to each other to a world where everything was interactive.
Just like the concrete block, the transistor allows to create much greater and more complex circuits, one brick at a time.
But there's a main difference: The transistor was just for experts.
I personally don't accept that, that the building blocks of our time are reserved to experts, so I decided to change it.
Eight years ago, when I was at the Media Lab, I started exploring the idea of bringing the power of engineers to the hands of artists and designers.
A few years ago, I started developing Leto.
Let me show you how they work.
Littlesities are electronic modules each one with a specific function.
They're prepared to be light, sound, motors and sensors.
And the best thing about it is that they get together by magnets.
So you can't put it wrong.
The bricks have a color code.
The green is the exit, the blue is the current, the pink is the input and the orange color is the wire.
So you just have to assemble a blue with green, and very quickly you can start making bigger circuits.
A blue with a green produce light.
We can put a button in the middle, and so we have a regulator.
If we change the button by a pulse module, which is here, and now we have an inner light.
We added this timbre to create more impact and we have a noise machine.
I'm going to stop this.
So beyond the simple game, Leto are actually very powerful.
Instead of having to program, connect and soldier, Leto allows us to program using very simple intuitive gestures.
To make it faster or slower, you just turn this button that makes the pulse faster or slower.
The idea behind Licklider is it's a growing collection.
We want all interactions in the world to be reduced to ready to use.
Lights, sounds, solar panels, engines; everything must be accessible.
We've given Littles to kids to see them play with them.
And it's been an amazing experience.
The best thing is how they start to understand the electronics of every day that doesn't learn in schools.
For example, how a night light works, or why the door of an elevator stays open, or how an iPod responds to touch.
We've also led to design schools.
So for example, designers without any electronic experience start playing with LinkedIn as a material.
Here you can see, with paper bottles and filter, we have Georgia creating ...
( Metal sound) ] a few weeks ago we took the designers of Rhode Island School, who don't have any experience in engineering, just in cardboard, wood and paper and said,``Do something . ''
Here's an example of a project that they've done, a continuous container cannon.
But wait, here's my favorite project.
It's a locust made of Play-Doh that's afraid of darkness.
For these not engineers, Licklider became another material, electronics became another material.
And we want this material to be aware of all.
So Littlesities has open source.
You can visit the website, download all the design files and manufacture them.
We want to encourage a world of creators, inventors and collaborators because this world we live in, this interactive world, is ours.
So ahead and invent.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about unexpected discoveries.
I work in the solar technology industry.
And my little company is looking to engage with the environment.
It's distributed collaboration.
This is a little video of what we do.
Hmm . Wait for a moment.
You can take a bit of a load.
We can -- we can continue to make the video better.
No.
This is not ...
All right.
The solar technology is ...
Oh, already, I'm going to tell you the time?
All right . Thank you very much.
A couple years ago, I launched an initiative to recruit the best designers and technicians to take a year and work in an environment that represents almost everything that's supposed to stop; we ask them to work in the government.
The initiative was called Code for America, and it would be like a people of Peace for technologies.
We selected some members every year and put them working with the municipalities.
Instead of sending them to the Third World, we send them into the wild world.
They made big applications; they worked with the municipal employees.
Their task is to show the possibilities of current technology.
You will know Al.
He's a hero in Boston City.
Here it appears like a quote, but what I really look for is that somebody clean it when it stays trapped through the snow because it knows that it's not very good at turning fires when it's covered by a meter of snow.
How did it come to ask help in this particular way?
Last year in Boston, we had a team of members of Code for America.
They were there in February, and at that time I was a long time last year.
They realized that the city would never clean these hydrants.
But one of the members of members called Erik Mikes noticed something else: that citizens cleaned up the sidewalks right in front of them.
So he did like any good programmer, he developed an app.
It's a nice application where a hydrant can be adopted.
You accept to clean it when you snow.
When you do it, you put a name, in this case, put it in.
If you don't do it, someone can steal it.
I mean, it has a playful component.
It's a modest application.
Maybe it's the smallest of the 21 programmed applications last year.
But it does something that no other government technology does.
And it spreads in viral form.
A responsible of Hondon City systems when you see this application realized that it could use it, not for snow, but for citizens to adopt tsunami signs.
It's very important that these tsunami signs work, but people are stealing batteries.
So I ask citizens to control them.
And then Seattle decided to use it to make citizens overcome the characters.
And Chicago just launched it to make people recorded to clean up sidewalks when snow.
So now we know about nine cities that plan to use it.
And this has spread without friction, organic and natural.
If you know a little bit of government technology, you'll know that it doesn't normally happen.
The acquisition of software usually takes a couple of years.
Last year in Boston, we had a team working on a project that required three and a half months.
It was a tool for parents to choose the best public school for their children.
Then they told us that we had done it for normal channels would have taken at least two years and spent about two million dollars.
And that's nothing.
Now there's a project in the judicial power of California that has been costing two billion dollars and it doesn't work.
And there are projects like this on every level of government.
So an app that's programmed in a couple of days and spreads in viral form is a kind of luxury of warning to government institution.
It suggests the best way to work, not as in private companies, as many people think it should be.
Not as a technological company, but rather like the Internet itself.
That is, without restrictions, open and generative.
And that's important.
But the most important thing about this application is that it represents the way to address the government of the government that has new generation -- not as a problem of an abandoned institution, but as a collective action problem.
And that's really good because it turns out we're very good for collective action with digital technology.
And there's a very large community of people who are building the tools for us to work together with efficacy.
And it's not only Code for America, but there are hundreds of people across the country that contribute to civic applications every day in their own communities.
They haven't been given to the government.
They feel a great frustration to that, but they don't complain, they fix it.
And these people know something that we've lost from sight.
And that is that if we leave the feelings about politics, the row at the DMV, and all those other things that get us crazy, the government is essentially in the words of Tim OEC:``What we do together because we can only don't . ''
Now a lot of people have abandoned government.
If you are one of those people, I would ask you to remember it, because things are changing.
Politics doesn't change; the government yes.
And because the government on the last issue of us -- remember that``We, the people ,"the way we think about affecting the way to produce change.
I didn't know much about government when I started with this.
And as a lot of people thought that the government was to choose people to take care.
Well, after two years, I've come to the conclusion that the government is, above all, of borders.
This is the phone care center of services and information.
It's the place that serves the calls if you mark 31 in America.
Scott came up with this call.
\" Zapen"at the base of official knowledge.
I found nothing . It started with animal control.
And he finally said,``Hey, can you open the door doors, put good music and see if it goes? ''
And it worked . So by Scott.
But that wasn't the end of the border.
Boston doesn't have a call center.
It has an app, web and mobile, called City Connectico.
We don't program that app.
It was the work of very smart people from the New Mechanical urban mechanics of Boston.
One day, this really happened, this question,``Zapi in my trash bucket . I don't know if it's dead.
How do I do that? ''
The City's dynamics is different.
Scott was talking in person.
In City Connectico, it's all public, so everybody can see this.
In this case, he saw a neighbor.
The next report said,``I came to the place, I found the cube behind the house.
Anybody? Yes . Life? Yeah.
I turned the cube . I went home.
Good evening, sweet gras . ''
Pretty simple.
This is great . It's the confluence of digital and physical.
And it's also a great example of government income to distributed voluntary collaboration.
But it's also a great example of government as a platform.
And here I don't necessarily mean the technology definition of platform.
I'm talking about a platform for people to help themselves and help others.
So, one citizen helped another, but here the government had a key paper.
He connected the two people.
And I could have connected to government services of being necessary, but the neighbor is a better alternative and cheaper than government services.
When one neighbor helps another, we strengthen communities.
If we call control control, that costs a lot of money.
One important thing we have to think about government is that it's not the same as politics.
A lot of people understand it, but you think you're the entry of the other.
That our input to government system is vote.
How many times have you chosen a political leader? Sometimes we spend a lot of energy to choose a new political leader, and then we hope that the government reflects our values and satisfy our needs, but then we don't see changes.
That's because the government is like an immense ocean, and politics is the superior 15-year-old layer.
Below it is what we call bureaucracy.
And we say that word with a lot of contempt.
But it's that contempt that keeps us that that is that we're funded as something that operates in our against, that other thing, and in consequence we're losing power.
People believe that politics is sensual.
If we want this institution to work, we will have to make bureaucracy sensual.
Because that's where the real government work happens.
We have to collaborate with government machinery.
That's the October movement.
Have you seen them?
It's a group of concerned citizens who have written a very detailed report from 325 pages in response to the financial reform project.
That's not political activism, it's bureaucratic activism.
And for those of us who have resisted the government, it's time that we ask ourselves how world we want to leave to our children.
You have to see the enormous challenges that they will have to face.
Do you really think we'll get to where we have to go without solving the institution that can act in behalf of everyone?
We can't deliver government, we need it to be more effective.
The good news is that with technology, it's possible to rethink the government function so that it can expand for civil society.
There's a generation that grew up with the Internet, and it knows that it's not so hard to act, you just have to articulate the systems in the right way.
The age of age of our members is 28 years, so I'm a greater generation than many of them.
This is a generation that has grown up taking the word and giving that almost for granted.
They're not giving that battle that we all face about who's going to talk; they're all going to talk.
They can express their opinions in any channel at the same time and do it.
So when they face the government problem, they don't care much to make their voices.
They're using the hands.
They put hands to the work to program applications that make the government better.
And those applications allow us to use hands to improve our communities.
It can be cleaning a hydrant, taking out weeds, dumping a trash cube that has a gap inside.
Of course, we could always have cleaned those hydrants and a lot of people do it.
But these applications are as digital reminder reminder that we're not only consumers, we are not only government consumers that we pay taxes and we get services.
We are more than that: we are citizens.
And we're not going to fix government until we don't fix the citizenship.
So I want to ask all the present, when it comes to the important things that we have to do together, all together, will be a crowd of voices, or will we be a crowd of hands?
Thank you.
This is for me a real honor.
I've spent most of the time in jails, prisons and death row.
I've spent most of my life in marginalized communities, in projects and places where there's a lot of despair.
And I'm going to be here at TED watching and hearing these stimulation has given me a lot of energy.
One of the things I've noticed in this short time is that TED has identity.
And the things that are told here has impact all over the world.
In occasions, if something comes from TED, it has a sense and a force that would not have otherwise.
I mean this because I think identity is really important.
We've seen fantastic presentations here.
And I think we've learned that the words of a teacher can make a lot of sense, but if you teach them with feeling, you can have a special meaning.
A doctor can do good things, whether it's charitable, it can achieve much more.
So I want to talk about the power of identity.
I didn't actually learn this in the practice of the right, my job.
I learned from my grandmother.
I grew up in a traditional house of an African-American family dominated by a matriarch, which was my grandmother.
It was hard, it was strong, it had power.
It was the last word in all discussions in the family.
She started a lot of the dictionaries in our home.
He was a daughter of people who had been slaves.
His parents were born in the slavery in Virginia about 1840.
She was born about 1800 and his experience with slavery as a look at the world.
She was hard, but he was also loving.
When I was small and I looked at it, she was approaching me and gave me a good hug.
I was so strong that I could barely breathe, and then I was happy.
One or two hours later, he came back to me, and he came up and he said,``Brian, do you still feel my hug? ''
And if I told him no, I was going to grab me again, and if I said yes, I was left in peace.
I had this human quality that made you always wish to be close to it.
The only problem is that I had 10 children.
My mother was the youngest of 10.
In occasion, when I was going to spend a while with her, it wasn't easy to capture his time and attention.
My cousins were running everywhere.
I remember when I was eight, I woke up one morning, I went into the room, and there they were running all my cousins.
My grandmother was on the other side of the room and looked at me.
I thought it was a game.
So I looked at it and smiles, but she was very serious.
After 15 minutes, she stood up, and he took up the room, he took me from his hand, and he said,``Come Brian . We're going to go . ''
I remember this as if it was yesterday.
I'll never forget it.
He took me out and said,``Brian, I'll tell you something, but you can't tell anybody . ''
I said,``Okay, Mom . ''
She said,``I'm sure you won't ."I said,``Sure . ''
And then I sat down, looked at me and said,``I want you to know I've been watching you . ''
And I added,``I think you're special . ''
He said,``I think you can do whatever you want . ''
I'll never forget it.
Then he said,``I just want you to promise me three things, Brian . ''
I said,``Sure, Mom . ''
And he said,``The first thing I want you to promise me is you always want your mother . ''
He said,``She's my daughter, and you have to promise you to always care . ''
As I loved my mom, I said,``Yes, mama, I'll do it . ''
Then he said to me,``The second thing I want you to promise me is that you will always do the right thing to do, even though it's hard . ''
And I thought, and I said,``Yes, Mom . So I'll do it . ''
Then finally he said,``The third thing I want you to promise me is you never drink alcohol . ''
I was nine years old, and I said,``Yes, mama, so I will . ''
I grew up in the field, in the rural South . I have a brother a year older and a sister a year.
When I was 14, one day my brother came home with a six beers package, I didn't know where I took them off, grabbed my sister and went and went to the forest.
We just got the crazy forever.
He took a beer of beer, offered my sister, she took a little bit and offered me.
I said,``No, no, no . Okay . You follow, but I'm not going to take beer . ''
My brother said,``Come on . Today you do it ."And you always do the same thing as us.
I took something, your sister also . Take a beer . ''
I said,``No . I won't feel good . You can follow . ''
Then my brother looked at me.
He said,``What's going on? Take a beer . ''
And I'd watch my gaze with strength and go,``Oh, you're still thinking about the conversation with Mom . ''
I said,``But what are you talking about? ''
He said,``Mom tells all the grandchildren they're special . ''
I was missing.
I have to admit something to you.
I'll tell you something that probably shouldn't say.
I know this will spread widely.
But I'm 52 years old, and I can admit that I've never taken a drop of alcohol.
I don't say this thinking it's a virtue; I say it for the power that identity has.
When we create the right kind of identity, we say things to others that really don't make sense.
We can't get them to do things that don't think to do.
I think my grandmother naturally believed that all of their grandchildren were special.
My grandfather had been prisoners during ban.
My uncles died of age-related diseases.
And these were the things that, according to it, we should be engaged.
Now, try to talk about our criminal justice system.
This country is very different than it was 40 years ago.
In 1972, there were 300,000 prisoners.
Today there are 2.3 million.
In America, we have the largest incarceration rate in the world.
We have seven million people in conditional freedom.
And this massive incarceration, in my opinion, has fundamentally changed our world.
In poor communities or black communities, it's so slow, so much despair, determined by these facts.
One out of three black people between 18 and 30 is in prison or in probation.
In urban communities all over the country, Los Angeles, Philadelphia, Baltimore, Washington , 50 to 60 percent of all young people in color are in jail or in probation.
Our system is not only distorted in front of race, it's also about poverty.
In this country, we have a judicial system that makes you much better if you're rich and guilty, if you're poor and innocent.
It's not guilt, but wealth.
And it looks like we feel very quiet.
The policy of fear and flow makes us believe that these are not problems.
We're disconnected.
I find it interesting.
We're looking at our work, some pretty curious developments.
In my state, in Alabama, as well as other states, you get private forever if you have a criminal flag.
Right now in Alabama , 34 percent of black male population has definitely lost the right to vote.
And if we projected the next 10 years, the level of loss of rights will be as elevated as it was before they passed the law of the right to vote.
We have this amazing silence.
I represent children.
Many of my clients are very young.
America is the only country in the world where he sentenced to 13 years to die in prison.
We have in this country prison for children, no chance of coming out ever.
Right now we're in process of some litigation.
The only country in the world.
I represent people in death row.
This death penalty issue is interesting.
In some sense, you've been taught to think that the final question is, people deserve to die for the committed crime?
A very sensitive question.
But you can think of another way about how we are in our identity.
There's another way of looking at it: it's not about deciding if people deserve to die by the crimes, but if we deserve to kill.
This is interesting.
Death penalty is defined by mistake.
From every nine executed people, they've identified one that is innocent, and liberated from death row.
A rate of error, amazing, an innocent of every nine.
This is interesting.
In aviation, it wouldn't be allowed to pilot airplanes if every nine that would take off, you would be to star.
But somehow we're isolated from the problem.
It's not our problem.
It's not our burden.
It's not our struggle.
I talk a lot about these things.
I talk about race and this issue of whether we deserve to kill.
It's interesting that in my classes with students on African-American history, I talk about slavery.
I'm talking about terrorism, the time that started at the end of the reconstruction and that lasted to World War II.
We really don't know much about this.
But for black Americans in this country, it was a bit defined by terror.
In many communities, people were afraid of being linked.
I worried about being bombarded.
The threat of terror was what defined their lives.
Now there are older people coming up to me and they say,``Mr. Stevenson, you tell talks, make speeches . Tell people who stop saying that in our history, we first read with terrorism, after 9/11 . ''
They ask me to say,``No . Say we grew up with that . ''
The era of terrorism continued, obviously, with segregation and decades of racial and separation and separation.
In this country we have a dynamic that we don't like to talk about our problems.
We don't like to talk about our story.
And this is why we haven't understood the meaning of what historically we've done.
All the time we collide with each other.
We constantly create tensions and conflict.
It costs us to talk about races . I think it's because we're not willing to engage with a process of truth and reconciliation.
In South Africa, people understood that you couldn't overcome racial segregation without a compromise with truth and reconciliation.
In Rwanda, even before the genocide had this commitment, but in this country we haven't done it.
I was in Germany giving talks about death penalty.
And it was fascinating because one of the teachers stood after my presentation and said,``You know that it's good to listen to what you say . ''
added,``We don't have death penalty in Germany.
We will never have it here . ''
The room stayed in silence, and a lady said,``There is no way that with our story, we can never get into the systematic death of human beings.
It would be irrational that we, intentional and deliberately, we're going to run people . ''
Think about this.
How would we feel in a world where a nation like Germany, to execute people, especially if they were mostly Jews?
We couldn't tolerate it.
It would be irrational.
And yet, there's this disconnect.
I think our identity is in danger.
If we don't actually worry about these things so hard, the positive and wonderful things are, yet they're involved.
We love innovation.
Technology fascinated us . We love creativity.
We love entertainment.
But lately, those realities are implicated by suffering, abuse, degradation, morality.
In my opinion, it's necessary to integrate both things.
We finally talk about the need to have more hope, more engagement, more dedication with the basic challenges of this complex world.
I think that means to spend more time thinking and talking about the poor, the husbands, the ones that will never come to TED.
Think about them is, in a way, something that's inside of our being.
It's true that we have to believe in issues that we haven't seen.
So we are, despite being so rational, so committed to the intellectual.
With innovation, with creativity, development comes not just the brain ideas.
These things come from feeding ideas also by heart convictions.
This connection of mind with heart is what drives us to look not only in the bright and wrong, but also in the dark and the hard.
Vacket Haiti, the great heck leader, talked about this.
He said,``When we were in Eastern Europe suffering the oppression, we were all kinds of things, but mostly what we needed was hope, orientation for spirit, a will to be in sites of despair and witness . ''
Well, that orientation for the spirit is practically in the heart of what I believe, which still in communities like TED, should be engaged.
There's no disconnect associated with technology and design, that allows us to be really human if we don't pay attention to poverty, to exclusion, inequality, injustice.
Now I want to warn you that these thoughts make a much more challenging identity than if we ignore these things.
Let's find them.
I had the great privilege, being a very young lawyer, to meet Rosa Parks.
These women got together just to talk.
Occasionally, lady Carl called me, to tell me,``Brian, comes the lady's lady . We're going to get together to speak.
Do you want to come and listen to? ''
I said,``Yes ma'am . I know . ''
So she said,``Well, what do you do when you come? ''
I said,``Listen to them . ''
So I went and I just listened to them.
It was a very spiritual thing, very illuminating.
And in one occasion I was there, listening to these ladies, and after a couple of hours, Mrs. Parks came to me and said,``Now, Brian, let me be that idea of equal justice.
Tell me what you're trying to do . ''
And I started giving my speech.
I said,``Well, we're trying to question injustice.
We try to help those who have been convicted.
We try to confront prejudice and discrimination in the management of criminal justice.
We try to end up with life sentences, without parole for children.
We try to do something about the death penalty.
We try to reduce the population in prisons.
We're trying to end up with massive incarceration . ''
I gave all of my best speech, and I looked at me and said,``Hmm smoke . ''
And I added,``You'll end up exhausted, very exhausted . ''
At that time, Ms. Carrie leaned up, put my finger on the face and said,``That's why you have to be very, very brave . ''
I think actually, the TED community has to be much more valuable.
We have to find a way to tackle those challenges, those problems, that suffering.
Because finally humanity depends on compassion for others.
I've learned some very simple things in my work.
I've been educated in simple things.
I've come to understand and believe that each of us is superior to the worst we've ever committed.
I think that's true for everybody on the planet.
I'm convinced that if someone says a lie, it's not because it's a liar.
I'm sure if someone takes something that doesn't belong to, it's not that it's a thief.
Even if someone kills another, it's not that it's a murderer.
So I think there's a basic dignity in people who should be respected by law.
I also think that in many parts of this country, and certainly in many parts of the world, the opposite to poverty is not wealth.
That's not.
I really think that in many parts, the opposite to poverty is justice.
And finally, I think that even though it's very dramatic, very beautiful, very illuminating, very stimulating, it will not judge us for our technology, for our designs, not by our intellectual or rational capacity.
In the end, you judge the character of a society, not by the way you treat rich, powerful and privileged, but as you treat the poor, the convicted, the prisoners.
Because it's in this context as we start to understand truly profound issues about what we are.
In occasion I feel crazy . I'm going to end with a story.
I sometimes make too much force.
I'm tired, like all.
Sometimes those ideas go beyond my roots in an important way.
I've been representing these guys who have been sitting with a lot of toughness.
I go to jail and I see my 13 and 14 years old, who have been paralyzed to be judged as adults.
And I start thinking, how can it be?
How can a judge turn someone in what isn't?
The judge holds it as an adult, but I see a child.
One night, I was a very late night thinking -- by God, if the judge can become something that you are not, you must have magical powers.
Yes, Brian, the judge has magic powers.
You should ask some of that.
As it was too late, I couldn't think correctly, but I started working in a matter.
He had a 14-year-old client, a small, black, black.
I started working on the death, with a contract that said,``More for my 14-year-old black customer is treated as a primarily primitive ball of 75, executive of a corporation . ''
And in the death, I put that there had been involved behavior in accusation, in the behavior of police and in the process.
There was a little bit about how in this country there is no ethics, but a lack of ethics.
The next morning, I woke up thinking about that unsustainable death would be a dream, or really wrote it?
For my horror, not only had I done it, but I had sent it to court.
It was about two months, I'd already forgotten it.
And I finally decided --``Oh God, I have to go to court for this stupid case.
I got into the car, and I felt really overwhelmed, overwhelmed.
I went on the car to the judge.
I thought this would be very difficult and beautiful.
I finally got off the car . I walked to court.
I was going up the stairs when I met a larger black man; I was the judge of the judge.
When he saw me, she came up to me and said,``Who is you? ''
I said,``I'm a lawyer ."He repeated,``Is you lawyer?"I said yes.
And so I get stuck and hug.
And I was in my ear.
He said,``I'm proud of you . ''
I have to tell you now that that was surveillance.
That was deeply connected to my inner, with my identity with the ability that we all have to contribute to the community with a vision of hope.
Well, I went into the audience room.
When I walked up, the judge saw me.
And he said,``Mr. Stevenson, do you write this dream? ''
I said,``Yes, Mr. I was ."And we started discussing.
People started coming . They were all outraged.
I was the one who had written those crazy nuts.
The cops came to the consumer prosecutors, the autism.
Suddenly, without knowing how, the room was full of people, all guerrillas because we talked about race, because we talked about poverty, because we talked about inequality.
With the eye of the eye, I got to see the idea that I went and came.
He was looking through the window, and he was able to hear all that scream.
I kept walking here and there.
Finally, this old black, with the face of concern, walked in the room and sat behind me, almost at the table of lawyers.
About 10 minutes later, the judge decided a recession.
During the rest, an assistant of the soul was shown, because the comet had entered the room.
The assistant was released on the old black.
\" Jimmy, what do you do in the audience room? ''
And the old black man stood up, looked at the assistant, looked at me and said,``I went into this audience room to tell this young man who kept his view on the target . ''
I've come to TED today because I think a lot of you understand that the moral arc of the universe is very big, but it folds towards justice.
We can't be truly human evolved if we don't worry about human rights and dignity.
That our survival is tied to others.
That our visions of technology, design, entertainment and creativity must lead to brotherhood, compassion and justice.
And above all, those of the people who share this, I just want to tell you that they keep the view in the target.
Thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: You just heard and see an obvious desire of the audience, of this community, to help in your purposes, to do something.
Something that's not a check . What can we do?
BJ: There are several opportunities nearby.
If you live in the state of California, for example, there will be a referendum of this spring in which a effort will be done to bring the funds that spend today in punishment policy.
For example, here in California, you're going to spend a billion dollars on death penalty, in the next five years . A billion dollars.
And despite this , 46 percent of the homicide cases don't conclude in arrest.
56 percent of rapes don't get anything.
Here's a chance of change.
This referendum is going to propose that these funds are destroyed to make the law happen, to safety.
I think there's a very close opportunity.
CA: There's been a huge decline in crime in the United States, in the last three decades.
Part of the explanation is said that it has to do with the biggest rate of incarceration.
What would you say to those who think it's like this?
BC: Actually, the rate of crime with violence has relatively remained stable.
The big growth in mass incarceration in this country is not because of violence.
It's because of the wrong war against drugs.
That's why this dramatic increase emerges in the prison population.
And we left the rhetoric of punishment.
We have three legal causes to bring people into perpetual chain, to steal a bicycle, by small crimes against property, rather than making that resources back to their victims.
I think we have to do more to help the victims of crime and not less.
It seems to me that our current philosophy about punishment doesn't do anything for anybody.
I think that's the orientation that has to change.
CA: Brian, you've been excited today.
You're very inspiring.
Thank you so much for having come to TED . Thank you.
Announcer: They grow the threats by Bin Laden's death.
Announcer 2: famine in Somalia . Announcer 3: The police throws pepper gas.
Announcer 4: Capitalist Charles . Announcer 5: The deadly crosses.
Announcer 6: Social decade . Announcer 7 : 65 dead.
Announcer 8: Super of tsunami . Announcer 9: cyberattacks.
Several players: Narcogus war . massive destruction . Massive destruction.
recession . Bank . final jurisdiction . Egypt . Syria.
Crisis . Death . Design.
Oh, my God!
Peter Diamandis: These are just some of the clips that I got in the last six months, and they could be the last six days, or the last six years.
The idea is that the press media prefer to provide negative news because our minds pay attention.
And that responds to a very good reason.
In every second, our senses get much more data than probably the brain can process.
And as nothing matters more than surviving, the first stop of all of those data is an ancient fragment of temporal lobe called amygdala.
The amygdala is our early warning detector, the danger detector.
Inder and record all the information looking for something in the environment that could make us harm.
So in a decent of stories, we'd rather look at negative.
That old reflection of the press,``If there's blood, you sell ,"it's very true.
And because all digital devices provide us negative news, the seven days of the week , 24 hours a day, is not surprising that we're pessimistic.
It's not surprising that people think that the world goes wrong in worse.
But maybe it's not.
Perhaps, instead, what's really happening is that we get distortion.
Perhaps enormous progress in the last century by a series of forces is accelerating so that we have the potential to create a world of abundance in the next three decades.
I'm not saying that we don't have our good problems: the climate change, the extinction of species, the scarcity of water and energy; we certainly have them.
As human beings, we're very good to look at the problems, and, in the long, we end up with them.
So we analyzed the last century to see where we go.
In the last hundred years, the average of life has been more than doubled, average income per capita inflation has been tripled around the world.
Child mortality has been reduced 10 times.
In addition, the cost of food, electricity, transportation and communications, has fallen 10 to 1,000 times.
Steve Pinker showed us that we're living the most peaceful time in human history.
And Charles Kennedy who spent 25 percent to more than 80 percent in the last 130 years.
We're really living an extraordinary bit.
A lot of people forget it.
And we continue to get higher and higher expectations.
In fact, we redefined the meaning of poverty.
Think, today in America, much of the people living under the poverty line have electricity, water, toilets, refrigerators, television, mobile, air conditioning and cars.
The basic manipulates of the course of the past century, the world's entrepreneurs, would never have dreamed of such luxury.
Now, supporting a lot about this is technology and, lately, its exponential growth.
My good friend Ray Kurzweil showed that any tool that comes into information technology jumps into this curve, Moore's Law, and doubling the performance of price in about 12 to 24 months.
So the mobile phone that you have in the pocket is a million times cheaper and 1,000 times faster than a supercomputer in the 1970s.
Now look at this curve.
It's Moore's Law for the last hundred years.
I want you to look at two things in this curve.
First, how soft it is -- in good and bad times, in war and peace, in recession, in depression and in progress.
It's the quick computer result that's used to build faster computers.
It doesn't stop before none of the big challenges.
And even though it's graffiti on the left, it's curve up.
The growth rate of technology is more and faster.
And in this curve, to Moore's Law, there's a series of extraordinarily powerful technologies that we have today.
The computation in the cloud, that my friends of Autodesk call infinite computing, sensors and networks, robotics , 3D printing and their ability to democratize and distribute personalized production across the planet, synthetic biology, fuels, vaccines and food, digital medicine, nationalism and A.I.
I mean, how many saw the victory at Watson's Jeopardy, IBM?
It was epic.
I looked at the newspaper the best headline than there would be.
And I loved this:``Watson beat human opponents . ''
Jeopardy is not an easy game.
It plays with the nuances of human language.
Imagine this artificial intelligence in the cloud, available for everyone in the mobile phone.
Four years ago, Ray Kurzweil, Ray Kurzweil and me, we launched a new university called Singularity University.
We teach them these technologies to our students, and in particular, how they can be used to solve the great challenges of humanity.
And every year we asked them to take a company, or a product or a service, that can possibly affect the lives of a billion people in a decade.
Think about that, the fact that a group of students today can impact the life of a billion people.
Thirty years ago, that would have sound absurd.
Today we can point out a dozen companies that have already done it.
When I think about creating abundance, it doesn't mean to create luxury life for every single person on the planet; it's about creating a life of the possible.
It's about taking that it's scarce and it's abundant.
You see, scarcity is contextual and technology is a force that releases resources.
Let me give you an example.
It's a story of Napoleon III media.
He's the guy on the left.
He invited the king of Sydney.
Napoleon's troops ate with silver covers, and the Napoleon, with gold covers.
But the king of Sydney, ate with aluminum covers.
You see, aluminum was the most valuable metal on the planet; it goes more than gold and plutonium.
That's why the tip of the memorial to Washington is aluminum.
You see, although aluminum is 8.3 percent of the Earth's mass, it doesn't come as pure metal.
It's bound by oxygen and synthesis.
But then the electrodes came and made the aluminum so cheap that we used it as a disaster.
We project this analogy to the future.
Let's think about the scarcity of energy.
Ladies and gentlemen, we're on a bank planet for 5,000 times more energy than we use in a year.
They get to the Earth 16 energy traditions every 88 minutes.
It's not about scarcity, it's about accessible.
And there's good news.
This year, for the first time, the cost of solar energy in India is 50 percent less than the diesel generation : 84 rupees versus 17 rupees.
The cost of solar energy fell 50 percent last year.
Last month, MIT published a study that shows that at the end of the decade, in the sunny parts of the United States, solar electricity will cost six cents a time compared to the 15 cents of the national media.
And if we have energy abundance, we also have water abundance.
Let's talk about wars in the water.
Remember when Carl Sagan pointed the Voyager spacecraft on Earth, in 1990, after Saturn?
He took a famous picture . How did it call?
\" A pale blue dot . ''
Because we live on a water planet.
We live on a planet covered by 70 percent per water.
Yes , 7.6 percent is saltwater water, two percent is ice, and we fight for a half of the water on the planet, but also here's a hope.
It's a technology available not in 10 years, but right now.
nanotechnology comes, the nationalism.
In a conversation with Dean Kamen this morning, one of the innovative innovators -- I'd like to share with you, it gave me permission to do that -- his technology called Soli --``The size of a small refrigerator . ''
It's able to generate a thousand gallons of drinking water a day from any source water, contaminated water, a latrine for less than two cents a gallon.
The President of Coca-Cola just agreed that he will do an important test of hundreds of these units in the developing world.
If that comes out well, and I have full confidence that it will be, Coca-Cola will implement it globally in 260 countries on the planet.
This is an innovation that's empowered by this technology that today exists.
And we've seen it in mobile phones.
My God, we're going to get to 70 percent penetration of mobile phones in the developing world by 2013.
Think, that mass warrior has better mobile communications in the middle of Kenya than President Reagan 25 years ago.
And with a smartphone with Google, it has access to more knowledge and information than President Clinton 15 years ago.
It lives in a world of information abundance and communications that nobody could have predicted ever.
Better than that, the things that you and I have paid dozens and hundreds of thousands of BS dollars, HIV video, images, books of books and music, medical diagnostic technology, and they lose market value with mobile phones.
Maybe the best thing comes when the health applications are coming.
Last month, I had the pleasure to announce with the Locautics Foundation something called the Complex X Prize, from 10 million dollars.
We're challenging the world's teams to combine these technologies in a mobile device that they talk with, and because they have A.I, they can be able to get blood out of the finger.
To win has to make better diagnostics than a certified medical team.
Imagine this device in the middle of the developing world in which there are no doctors, where mortality charge is 25 percent and there are 1.3 percent workers of health workers.
When this device sequence a virus of RNA or DNA, which doesn't recognize, call the health of health and, first, prevent the pandemic.
But this is the biggest force to produce a world of abundance.
I call it the billion in increase.
The white lines here are the population.
We just had the mark of the seven billion.
By the way, the best protection against demographic explosion is to empower the world of education and health.
In 2010, we had less than two billion people online, connected.
By 2020, going from two billion users on the Internet.
Three billion minds have never been given to the global conversation.
What do these people want?
What will they consume? What do you want to have?
And instead of an economic collapse we'll have the largest economic injection in history.
These people represent tens of billions of dollars injected into the global economy.
And by the more health, thanks to the court, of a better education with the Khan Academy, and because of the use of 3D printing and computing in the cloud will be more productive than ever before.
What can you give us three billion more members of humanity, healthy and productive health?
How about voices never before?
What if we give the oppressed to the oppressed, wherever they are, a voice to be heard and can act for the first time?
What will these three billion will provide?
What if they are contributions that we can't predict?
Something that I learned with the X Prize is that small teams, guided by its passion with a clear goal, can do extraordinary things -- things that they only could make great corporations and governments.
I'm going to end up sharing a story that really excites me.
There's a program that maybe some of you will know.
It's called Flippin.
It emerged at Washington University, Seattle.
It's a game where people can take a sequence of amino acids and figure out how the protein will be folding.
The folds determine structure and functionality.
It's a very important thing in medical research.
And so far, it was a supply problem.
They've played with this college teachers, among others.
Then hundreds of thousands of people joined and started playing them.
And it has shown that today's recognition machinery is better folding proteins than the best computers.
Ladies and gentlemen, what gives me a huge trust in the future is that today we have more power as people to take the big challenges on the planet.
We have the tools with this exponential technology.
We have the passion of the carbon innovative.
We have the capital of the technology.
And we have three billion new minds that will join us to work on the solution of big challenges and do what we should do.
We have a few extraordinary decades.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk about a very small idea.
It's the current point of departure.
And as the idea can explain in a minute, I'll give you three examples to do time.
The first story is Charles Darwin, one of my heroes.
He was here, as you know, in 1983.
You may believe that you're still painted, but it wasn't.
I actually pick fish.
And he described one of them as``common . ''
It was the grouper.
It was a lot of caught until the 1880s.
Now the fish is on the Red Side of the IUCN.
But we've heard this story many times, about Galapagos and other places, so that has nothing special.
But the case is we still come to Galapagos.
We still think they're pristine.
The brochures still say they follow intact.
So what happens here?
The second story, it also illustrates another concept: the shift of the waist.
Because I was there in 1971 studying a lake in West Africa.
I was there because I grew up in Europe, and then I wanted to work in Africa.
I thought I could integrate.
I burned a lot with the sun, and I was convinced that I was not from there.
This is my first exhibition to the sun.
The lake was surrounded by palm, and as you can see, from a few mangroves.
There were almost 20 centimeters, the black bar platform.
And the fishing of this platform was very abundant and moved by a good moment, so it was getting more than the middle in Ghana.
When I went there 27 years later, the amount of fish had halved.
They mature at five centimeters.
They started a genetic pressure.
There were still fish.
In a way, they were still happy.
And fish still were happy to be there.
I mean, nothing changed, but everything has changed.
My third story is that I was complaining in the introduction fishing introduction in Southeast Asia.
In the 1970s, it started in the 1960s, a lot of development projects.
The fishing development meant to impose countries that were already 100,000 fishermen, to impose industrial fishing.
And this boat, quite ugly, was called La Mutter 4.
I went out to fishing in it, and we were doing studies in southern China's Sea of Muslim, and especially in the Java Sea.
What we captured is something invested.
We captured, now, the sea bottom.
Ninety percent of what we captured were sponges, other animals that are at the bottom.
And most fish are tiny spots on some remains, remains that are fish reef fish.
In short, the sea fund came to the deck, and then it was thrown.
These images are extraordinary because transition is very fast.
In a year, you do a study, and then you start the commercial fishing.
The bottom goes from being a solid background of soft coral, in this case, to be a laptop.
This is a dead torture.
They didn't eat them . They were disappeared because they were dead.
Once we captured a living.
I was still not exhausted.
So they wanted to kill it because it was a good food.
This mountain of remains is what you pick up the fishermen every time you go to an area where you've never fished.
But it's not documented.
We transform the world, but we don't remember it.
We adjust the point of departure, the new level, without remembering what was there.
If we generalize this happens.
On the axis, we have good things: biodiversity, amount of gold, the green of the country, the water supply.
And that changes over time . It changes because people do things with nature.
Each generation will use the images of their conscious life as the normal and the extrapolate forward.
The difference is that they perceive loss.
But they didn't perceive the loss that happened before.
You can analyze the power of change.
And at the end, I'll keep a few remains.
And that, largely, is we want to do it now.
We want to keep things that are no longer, or not what they were.
But you should think that this problem affects people when predatory societies kill animals without knowing what they've done to some generations later.
Because, obviously, an animal that's very abundant, before we extend, is little frequent.
You don't lose abundant animals.
You lose little animals.
Even if this doesn't perceive as a big loss.
Over time, we focus on big animals, and in a synonymous sea of big fish.
They become little frequent because we fish them.
Over time there are few fish, but we think that's the point of departure.
And the question is, why do we accept this?
Well, because we don't know it was different.
In fact, a lot of people, scientists, questioning it was very different.
And they'll do it because evidence presented in an earlier way is not the way they expect to have the evidence.
For example, the anecdote that some of you present, like captain such, and you see a lot of fish in this area can't be used or usually not using the scientists of fishing, because it's not``scientific . ''
So we have a situation where people don't know the past, although we live in inspired societies, because they don't trust the sources of the past.
From there, the huge role that can be able to make a protected marine area.
Because with protected marine areas, we actually recreated the past.
We've got the past that people can't conceive because the point of departure has become, and it's extremely low.
That's for people who can see a protected marine area, and they can benefit from the vision that it provides, which allows them to erase their point of departure.
And what about people who can't do it because they don't have access, like the Middle West people, for example?
I think the arts and cinema may fill the vacuum . The simulation.
This is a symbolic Bay simulation.
A long time ago there were gray whales in Chesapeake Bay , 500 years ago.
And you've noticed that the nuances and the transfers are like``Avatar . ''
And if you think about``Avatar ,"if you think about why people were moving with the movie, I'm talking about the story of Panberring, why do we get to the images?
Because it raises something that, in a sense, has lost.
So my recommendation, the only one to give, is Cameron, do``Avatar II"underwater.
Thank you very much.
Hi . I'm Kevin Allende, the YouTube trend manager, and I look at YouTube videos in a professional form.
It's true.
So today we'll see why videos become viral and what importance it has.
We all want to be stars: celebrities, singers, comedian -- when I was younger, that seemed very, very difficult.
But today, the website makes any of us, or our actions, copper at a part of our global culture.
Anyone can be famous on the Internet in a healthy.
There are more than 48 hours of video to YouTube per minute.
And, of those, just a small percentage gets viral, it gets infinite from visit and manufacturing.
How does that happen?
Three things: trend creators, participation communities and surprise.
Well, let's start.
Beau Vagina: Oh my God, my God.
My God!
Wow.
Oh, hunger!
KA: Last year, Beau Shanghai published this video out of his house in the National Yosemite Park.
In 2010, it was 23 million times.
This graph shows the reproduction in the popularity of the summer of last summer.
Beau doesn't make a viral video.
I just wanted to share a rainbow.
That's what you do if you call``Compassion Mountain Beach . ''
I had already published many videos of nature.
This video had been published in January.
So what happened here?
It was Jimmy Kimmel.
Jimmy Kimmel published this tweet that would kick the video to popularity.
trends of trends like Jimmy Kimmel presents us new and interesting things and spreading them into a wider audience.
Rebecca Black: It's Friday, Friday . You have to start Friday . Everyone wants the weekend, weekend . Friday, Friday, starting Friday . KA: You won't think that we could have this conversation without talking about this video, I hope.
Record Black is one of the most popular videos of the year.
They saw it almost 200 million times this year.
This graph shows the frequency of use.
Just like``rainbow you double ,"this video seemed to have emerged from nothing.
So what happened this day?
Well, it was Friday, it's true.
And if you ask for those other peaks, you're also Friday.
But what happened this day, this particular Friday?
Well, I took it Towel, and many blogs started writing about it.
Michael J. Nelson, from Mister Science Theater, was one of the first people to make a joke on Twitter video.
But the important thing is that a person or a group of trends of trends adopt a view of view and share it with a wider audience, accelerating the process.
So, this community of people who share this great internal joke then starts talking about that and doing things.
And now there are 10,000 participants from``Friday"on YouTube.
Just in the first seven days, there was a parody for each other day.
Unlike the industrial entertainment of the 20th century, this community participation is our way to be part of the phenomenon by spreading it or doing something new with it.
\" Ninth Cat"is a repetitive animation with a musical music.
So, that's it.
This year was about 50 million times.
And if you think that's weird, you know there's a three million times.
Even the cats saw this video.
And there are cats that saw other cats see the video.
But the important thing here is the creativity that woke up between the Internet technology community.
There were remix.
Somebody made a version of the old.
And then it became international.
Suddenly, a whole community of remix that made this happen from being a silly joke to something that we can all form part of.
Because today we don't just enjoy, we participate.
Who could have predicted something like this?
Who could have predicted``rainbow ,"or Rebecca Black or``Nino Cat"?
What do you script could have written this situation?
In a world where two days of video are uploaded by minute, only that unique and unexpected can be pulled out of the way these things have done it.
When a friend told me that I had to look at this great video of a guy that protest against cyclists in New York, I admit that I don't care too much.
Casey Nike: I was driven by not circular for the bike, but there are often obstacles that prevented you directly by bicycle.
KA: Thank you to the surprise and your humor, Casey Nike got five million to see and understand their idea.
So this approach is worth all the new things that we do creative.
And all of this leads to a big question.
Beau Vagina: What does this mean?
Uh.
KA: What does this mean?
The creators of trend, creative community communities, completely unexpected, are characteristics of a new kind of media, of a new culture, that we all have access to, and it's the audience that defines popularity.
As I said before, one of the current celebrities of the world, Justin Bieber, started on YouTube.
They don't ask permission to express their ideas.
Now we're all a little bit owners of our pop culture.
These are not the characteristics of the old media, they are barely the media, but they're going to define the entertainment of the future.
Thank you.
This is not a finished story.
It's a puzzle that's still armed.
Let me tell you about some of the pieces.
Imagine the first piece: a man burning a whole life.
It's a poet, a playwright, a man whose entire life had been supported in the unique hope of unity and freedom.
Imagine it as the communist goes into Santa, facing the fact that their life had been completely in vain.
The words, for so long, are now bored.
He was referred to silence.
He died for history.
He's my grandfather.
I never met him.
But our lives are much more than our memories.
My grandmother never allowed me to forget his story.
My task was not to let that have been in vain, and my lesson was to learn that history tried to be used, but we broke it.
The next part of the puzzle is about a boat when it's going to be deliberately deliberately delicious to sea.
My mother, Mom, was just 18 when her father died, and a confronted marriage and two little girls.
For her, life had been destined to one task: the escape of his family and a new life in Australia.
It was inconceivable for her to do that.
And after a four years old, that challenges fiction, a boat is sliding into the dry sea vessel.
All adults knew the risks.
The biggest fear was pirate, rape and death.
Like most adults, my mother took a fright with poison.
If you catch us, we first would take my sister and I, and then she and my grandmother.
My first memories are from that boat, the constant rate of the engine, and it will be diving into every wave, and the horizon and empty horizon.
I don't remember the pirates who came several times, but they were fooled with the courage of men in our boat, or the engine dying and not going to cut for six hours.
But I do remember the lights of the oil platform in front of the coast of Malaysia, and the young man who collapsed and died, finding the journey was too much for him, and the first apple I tried, given by the men in the platform.
No apple had the same flavor.
After three months in a refugee camp, we spread in Melbourne.
And the next piece of the puzzle is about four women over three generations, shaping a new life together.
We set up in Fox, a surface of a kind of working class whose population is composed of immigrants.
Unlike the average class suburbs, whose existence I knew in Fox, there was no sense of the right.
The smells that come from the shops were the rest of the world.
And the entry English fragments were exchanged between the people who had one thing in common: they were starting again.
My mother worked in farms, then on a car assembly line, working six days, double turn.
Yet, I found time to study English and get a title in IT.
We were poor.
All the dollars were assigned, and established an extra tutoring in English and math, no matter what you should take away, that generally it was new clothes; it was always a second hand.
Two pairs of media for school, one to hide the holes of the other.
A school uniform to the ankle, because it had to last six years.
And there were weird and painful singing on the``raped eyes"and some graffiti,``Asian, come home . ''
A home, where?
Something in me was educated.
I was accumulating determination and a voice that said,``I'm going to take you out . ''
My mother, my sister and I slept on the same bed.
My mother was exhausted every night, but we went on our day and we heard the movements of our grandmother in the house.
My mother suffered nightmares, all of the boat.
And my task was to be awake until his nightmares started to be able to wake up.
She opened a computer store, then he studied to be a station and opened another business.
And women came with their stories about men who couldn't make the transition, angry and influenced, and kids trapped between two worlds.
They were looking for subsidies and sponsors.
And they created centers.
I lived in parallel worlds.
In one, it was the classic Asian student, relentless with what I was demanding of myself.
On the other, I was buried in early lives, tragically embraced by violence, drug abuse and isolation.
But many people received aid over the years.
And for that work, when I studied my last year of lawyers, I was elected the young Australian of the year.
And I was captured from a piece of the puzzle to the other, but his edges didn't fit.
And so Le, an anonymous resident of Ford, was now so Le, refugee and social activist, invited to speak in sites that I had never heard of, and at home whose existence would never have imagined.
I didn't know the protocols.
I didn't know how to use the covers.
I didn't know how to talk about wine.
I didn't know how to talk about anything.
I wanted to get back to the routine and the comfort of life in an organic suburb -- a grandmother, a mother and two daughters finished the day as they did for almost 20 years, telling each one of the day of each and getting asleep, three still in the same bed.
And I told my mom that I couldn't do it.
I remembered that I had now the same age that she had when we got up to the boat.
The``no"had ever been a choice.
\" Make it ,"he said,``and you're not what you're not . ''
So I talked about youth and education and destruction to the marginalized and depressing.
And the more frankly I talked, the more I was to talk about.
I met people from all walks of life, many of them doing what they loved, living on the border of the possible.
And although I finished my bachelor, I realized that I couldn't stay in a lawyer race.
There had to be another piece of the puzzle.
And I realized at the same time that it's okay to be an unknown, a newly arrived, new on the scene -- and not only it's okay, but it's something that's going to be grateful, maybe a gift of the boat.
Because being in it can easily mean to collapse the horizons, it can easily mean accepting the assumptions of your province.
I gave the enough steps outside my comfort zone to know that, yes, that the world fell away, but not the way we fear.
You could not have been allowed to be tremendously encouraged.
There was an energy there, an impossible optimism, a rare mixture of humility and courage.
So I followed my intuition.
I put together a little group of people for the``can't be done ,"an amazing challenge.
For one year, we didn't have a penny.
At the end of every day, I made a giant soup of soup that we all share.
We worked till well.
Most of our ideas were crazy, but some brilliant, and we open up.
I made the decision to move to the United States.
After one trip.
My hunch again.
Three months later I had moved, and the adventure continued.
Before I finished, let me tell you about my grandmother.
She grew up at a time when the confusion was the social norm and the local Mandarin was the person who mattered.
Life hadn't changed for centuries.
Her father died shortly after she was born.
The mother grew alone.
At 17, it became a connection of a Mandarin whose mother beat her.
Without support of his husband, they caused a revolution when they gave it the cause, and it's much more revealing when he won.
The can't show to be wrong.
I was in the shower in a hotel room in Sydney when she died, at 1,000 miles, in Melbourne.
I looked through the magazine of the shower and saw her stop on the other side.
I knew that I had come to be fired.
My mother called minutes later.
Days later, we went to a Buddhist temple in Forture and sat around his coffin.
We told stories and we make sure we were still with it.
On the night a monk came up and told us he had to close the coffin.
My mother asked us to feel his hand.
I asked the monk,``Why is your hand hot, and the rest of the body so cold? ''
\" Because you've taken your hand from the morning ,"said.
\" You haven't solved it . ''
If there's a nerve in our family, that runs through women.
Since we were and how life formed us, now we can see that men who had come to our lives would have frustrated us.
The defeat had easily agreed.
Now I want to have my own kids, and I wonder about ship.
Who could wish that to you?
However, I fear the privilege of the easy, the right.
Can I give you a test in their lives, survived brave in every wave, the print constant pace of the engine, the vast horizon that nothing guarantee anything?
I don't know.
But if I could get it and see them safe, I would do it.
Translat Neils, and also the mother of that is today, in the fourth or fifth row.
My story begins in Rajasthan about two years ago.
I was in the desert, under the sky sky, with the Sufi singer Mumbai Ali.
We were conversation of how nothing has changed since the age of the ancient Indian support``The Mahabharata . ''
In those days when the Indians wanted to travel to a car, and we were running the sky.
Now we do it with airplanes.
At that time when Alarma, the great Indian warrior prince, he had thirst, he took a bow and a arrow on the ground, he got water.
Now we do the same thing with malaria and machines.
The conclusion we took was that the machinery had replaced magic.
And that was really sad.
Every time I felt a little bit more of the tech.
I was terrified this idea of losing the ability to enjoy and appreciate an avatar if I didn't have the camera, if I couldn't tweet my friends.
It seemed to me that technology had to allow the magic, not killing it.
As a child, my grandfather gave me his relaxation silver of pocket.
And this 50-year-old technological piece was to my most magical thing.
It became a golden door to a world full of images, of pirate and nature in my imagination.
I had the sense that mobile phones, luxury clocks and cameras print that we're going.
So, it's our inspiration.
So I launched, I took it into this technological world to see how to use magic, rather than killing it.
I put books out from age 16.
So when I saw the iPad, I saw a narrative device capable of connecting the readers of the whole world.
You can know how we take the book.
Where we are.
To put the text together with the image, the animation, the sound and the touch.
The narrative becomes increasingly vulnerable.
But what does that serve us?
I'm about to launch Khalet, an iPad interactive app.
He says,``Put your fingers on every light . ''
And so, he says,``This box belongs to ..."I write my name.
And so I become a character of the book.
In several times, I get a card -- the iPad knows where I live thanks to GPS -- that comes to me.
My inner girl was excited with all these possibilities.
I've talked a lot about magic.
And I don't mean magicians and dragons, but to that childhood magic, to those ideas that we open children.
For some reason, fireflies in a jar always felt exciting to me.
So, over here, we have to include the iPad to release fireflies.
And actually, lighting your way into what you're laughing from the book.
Another idea that fascinated me about girl was that a whole galaxy is in a bag.
So here, every book and every world is transformed into a balance that I drag into this magic device, inside the device.
And this opens up a map.
In every fantasy book, there's always been maps, but they've been static maps.
This is a map that grows, food and guide during the rest of the book.
In certain points of the book, it's also revealed.
Now I'm going to go in.
Another very important aspect for me is to create Indian content and at the contemporary time.
These are the puzzles.
We've all heard of the fairies and the childhood, but how many people outside India know their Indian counterparts, the approved?
These poor pumps have been trapped in the cameras of Indra for millennia, in an old and wet book.
So we're bringing them back into a contemporary child history.
It's in a story that deals with current issues like environmental crisis.
And, talking about the environmental crisis, one of the problems in the last 10 years has been that children have been locked up, glued to their PCs, haven't come out to the outside world.
But now with mobile technology, we can take our children to the natural world with their technology.
One of the interactions of the book is this adventure where we have to go out, take the camera or the iPad, and collect images of different natural objects.
As a child, I had a lot of collections: sticks, stones, eagles and shells.
For some reason, kids don't do it.
So to recover this childhood ritual, you have to go out and, in a chapter, take a picture to a flower and then label it.
In another chapter, you have to take a picture of a piece of cortex and then tag it.
So you create a digital picture of photos that you can then put on the Web.
A kid in London puts a picture of a fox and says,``Oh, I saw a fox . ''
A child in India says,``Today, I saw a monkey . ''
And it creates this kind of social network around a collection of digital photos that have been taking.
Within the variants of connection between magic, Earth and technology are many possibilities.
In the next book, we've been able to have an interaction where you go out with the iPad and the video, and through augmented reality, you see a group of cartoons that appear on the inside plants of the house.
At one point the screen is full of leaves.
And you have to make the sound of the wind and blow them to be able to read the rest of the book.
We go into a world where nature forces are intertwined with technology and magic and technology are closer to each other.
We leverage the energy of the sun.
We're approaching our children and ourselves to the natural world and that magic, joy and child love that we feel through a simple story.
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about why many health care projects fail.
And I think, really, the most important thing about that is that we stop listening to patients.
And one of the things that we did at Radio University was to give a director of listening.
And not in a very scientific way, she puts a little cup of coffee or tea and asked patients, family and known: what happens?
\" How can we help it? ''
And we tend to think, this is one of the biggest problems for what everybody, or maybe not everybody, but most of the health projects fail, because we stop listening.
This is my Wikipedia bus . It's a very simple thing.
It has a tip of light.
Every morning I get up.
And yes, I have a challenge as you can see.
I got the challenge to get to 95 kilograms.
But it's so simple, that every time I connect myself, I send my information to Google Health.
And my doctor's doctor has access to him too . So, he can see what my weight problem is, not at the same time in which it needs cardiovascular assistance or some urgency of that style, but to see it backwards.
But there's something else.
Like some of you know, I have more than 4,000 followers on Twitter.
So every morning I connect to my block Wi-Fi and before I go up to my car, people start talking to me: Lucy, I think you need a light lunch.
That's the best thing that can happen, because it's pressure of peers used to help patients, because it could be used for obesity, and also for patients to stop smoking.
On the other hand, it can be employed to move people from their chairs and together to develop some reproductive activity to have more control of their health.
And next week will be available.
This little button connected to an iPhone or another device.
And people can, from their homes, take their blood pressure, send it to their doctor, and share it with others, for example, for 100 dollars.
This is the point where patients assume a position, they recover control and be captains of their own ship, but it can also help us health care because of the challenges that we face, as the firing of medicine of medicine, demand doubling and other issues.
It's going to make techniques that are simple to use and start with this to engage patients in the team.
And you can do it with techniques like this, but as well as crushing.
And one of the things that we did wanted to share with you with a video.
We all have navigation controls in cars.
Maybe even we have them in our phones.
We know perfectly where the ATMs are in Maddia.
And also where all the gases are.
And of course, we can find fast food chains.
But where is the closest ALS to help this patient?
We asked, but nobody knew.
Nobody knew where to get the ALS to save lives right now.
So what we did was we did crowd in the Netherlands.
We created a website, and we asked the audience to be, if you look at a DVD, please send it, tell me where, and when it's open, because sometimes you open up in office hours and others are closed.
And over 10,000 dollars were already presented in the Netherlands.
The next step was to look for the app for that.
And we made an app for the iPad.
We created an app for Love, augmented reality, to find these deserts.
And every time you're in the city of Maddia and someone collapses, you can use your iPhone, and the next weeks use your microscope cell to find the nearest ALS, which can save lives.
And from today, I'd like to introduce this, not just like DA 400, which is the name of the product, but also like DMARS.
And we wanted to start globally.
We're consulting all the colleagues in the world, in other universities, to help us find, work and act like a center for the crusty of ALS destructions around the world.
Every time you're from vacation and someone collapse, it can be a relative or somebody in front of you, you can find it.
I also want to invite companies around the world that could help us to value these dollars.
They could be a message service or a telephone people, for example, to see if the DSM is still in place.
Please listen to this and not just improve health, but to take control of it.
Thank you very much.
I'm here to share my photography.
Or is it photography?
Because of course, they're photographs that can't take with their cameras.
My interest for photography was woke up with my first digital camera at the age of 15.
He mixed with my previous passion for the drawing, but it was a little different because by using the camera, the process was in planning.
And when you take a photograph with a camera, the process ends when you press the pulse.
For me, photography had more than to be in the right place, at the right time.
It seemed like anybody could do it.
So I wanted to create something different, a process that would start by pressing the pulse.
photos like this: a building on a very transparent road.
But it has an unexpected twist.
And, despite that, it keeps a level of realism.
Or pictures like this -- dark and colorful at the time, but with the common goal of keeping the level of realism.
And when I say to you, I say pictures.
Because, of course, it's not something that can capture, but I always want it to seem to be captured somehow as a photograph.
You photos that one will have to think about a moment to discover the trick.
It has more to do with capturing an idea than to capture a moment.
But what is the trick that makes them look real?
Is it details or colors?
Does light intervene?
What does the illusion create?
Sometimes illusion is perspective.
But in the end, it's about our way to interpret the world and how you can perceive on a two-dimensional surface.
It's not really about whether it's realistic, but what we think is realistic.
So I think the foundations are very simple.
I see it as a puzzle of reality in which we take different pieces of reality and put them together to create an alternative reality.
Let me show you a simple example.
Here we have three perfectly imagined objects, something that we can all relate to the three-dimensional world.
But combined in a certain way can create something that looks three-dimensional, as if it exists.
But at the same time, we know it doesn't exist.
So we deceive the brain because the brain doesn't accept the fact that that doesn't really make sense.
And I see the same process as combining photographs.
It's really going to combine different realities.
And the things that make a picture look realistic, I think, is that we don't even think, the things around us in our everyday life.
But by combining pictures, it's very important to consider it, because otherwise something will be seen.
So I'd like to say that there are three simple rules that will continue to achieve realistic results.
As you can see, these images are not very special.
But combined, you can create something like this.
So the first rule is that the combination of photos must have the same perspective.
Secondly, combined pictures must have the same kind of light.
And these two images come together with these requirements; they were taken to the same height and the same kind of light.
The third point is to make it impossible to distinguish the beginning and end of different images with perfect union.
It has to be impossible to see where the image was composed.
This is another example.
It might think that this is the image of a landscape and the bottom is manipulated.
But this image is completely composed by pictures of different places.
And I think it's easier to create a place that you can find, because you don't need to put in danger the ideas that you have in your head.
But it requires a lot of planning.
And as I thought this idea in winter knew I had several months to plan it, to find the different locations for the puzzle pieces.
For example, the fish was captured on a fishing trip.
The shores are a different location.
The underwater part was captured in a stone.
And yes, I even made the house of the top of the island so it looks more sound.
So to get a realistic outcome, I think it takes planning.
It's always starting with a sketch, an idea.
Then you have to combine the different photographs.
And here every piece is very well thought.
If you do a good job when you take the pictures, the outcome can be very beautiful and at the very realistic time.
All the tools are there and the only limit is our imagination.
Thank you.
I'll start by showing a slide on technology, very boring.
Please if you can put it ...
It's a diagram anybody who took from a folder.
I don't care so much to show you the details, but the general aspect.
This is an analysis that we were doing about the potential of RISD versus the power of local area networks.
Now, what's interesting about this is that this, like many others that we tend to see, is kind of a straight line in a logarithmic scale.
In other words, every step here represents a magnitude of magnitude at the scale of performance.
Talking about sexual curves is a novel thing.
Here's something weird happens.
And that's exactly what I'm going to talk about.
Please raise the lights.
I would need more intensity because writing about paper.
Why do we chart technological curves on logarithmic scales?
The answer is that if you draw them into a normal curve in which, say, these are the years, or some unit of time, and this would be any measure of the technology that I'd like to plot, the diagram would look ridiculous.
It would be something like this.
It doesn't say a lot.
But if graphic, for example, some other technology, like transportation, in a symbolic curve would be very dumb, we would see a straight line.
But something like this is a qualitative change.
If the transportation technology will move as fast as Microsoft, last tomorrow we could take a taxi and be in Tokyo in 30 seconds.
But it doesn't move to that rhythm.
There are no precedent in the history of the technological development of a feedback growth that every few years advance orders of magnitude.
The question I want to ask is -- looking at these exponential curves, we see that they don't follow forever.
It's not possible to sustain this change as fast as it goes.
And one of two things will happen.
Or it's going to become a typical curve -- I know like this until something completely different, or maybe do something like this.
That's all that can happen.
I'm optimistic, so I think maybe something like this.
We're now going to be in the middle of a transition.
On this line we're in a transition of what the world used to be, to a new way.
So what I try to ask, and ask, is, what is that new way that you adopt the world?
What new state is the world?
The transition seems very, very confusing if we're embedded in it.
I remember a child the future happened in 2000 and people used to talk about what would happen in 2000.
This is a conference where people talk about the future, and we see that the future is still 2000.
That's all we see.
In other words, the future has shrunk, year after year, throughout my life.
But I think it's because we feel that something is happening.
We can feel it.
And we know that it doesn't make a lot of sense to think about 30 or 50 years because it's all so different than extrapolate what we're doing today doesn't make any sense.
So I want to talk to you about how it might be, how it might be that transition we experience.
But to do that will have to talk a little bit about things that don't have a lot to do with technology and computer.
Because I think the only way to understand it is to take distance and look at the long-term things.
The time scale I'd like to do is the time of life on Earth.
I think this image makes sense if we look at it every billion years.
So we took about two billion years when Earth was a great sterile rock with many chemicals that float around them.
If we look at the way those chemicals were organized, we give them an idea of how things happened.
And I think there are theories to start to understand the origin with RNA, and I'm going to tell you a simple version of this, and that, at that time, had floating some oil droplet with all kinds of chemical recipes inside.
Some of those oil drops contain a particular combination of chemicals that made them incorporate materials from the outside, and so the blobs grew up.
And they started to divide.
In a sense, those were the most primitive cell forms, those oil droplet.
But those drops weren't alive, in the current sense, because each one of them contained a random recipe of chemicals.
And every time they were divided up an unequal distribution of the chemicals that they contain.
So every drop was a little bit different.
In fact, the droplets that somehow were being differentiated by being better at incorporating the chemical chemicals; they grow more, they incorporate more chemicals and they divide more.
They usually lived longer, they were more represented.
It was a form of life, chemical life, very simple, but things became interesting when these blobs learned the trick of abstraction.
In some ways we don't understand very well these blobs, they learned to store information.
They learned to deliver information, which was the recipe of the cell, in a special chemistry called DNA.
In other words, they worked in this meaningless evolution, a writing system that allowed them to record what they were to replicate.
The amazing thing is that that writing system seems to have remained stable since 2.5 million years ago.
Our recipe, our genes, have exactly the same code, that same writing system.
In fact, every living is expressed with exactly the same set of letters and the same code.
And one of the things that I did just for fun -- now we can write things with this code.
Here I have 100 microscopes of white dust that I try to hide to the security people of the airport.
But it contains -- I took this code -- the code has the common letters that we used to use on this -- and I wrote my personal data in this DNA fragments and amplified 10 to 22 times.
So if anybody wants 100 million copies of my personal card, I have many for all of the present -- in fact, for every person in the world and is here.
If it was a shop, it would have put it on a virus and would have spread it through the room.
What was the next step?
Writing DNA was an interesting step.
This made these cells happy another billion years.
But then another big step happened in which things became very different, and it was that these cells started to exchange and communicate information by forming cells.
I don't know if you know it, but bacteria can exchange DNA.
So, for example, they evolved antibiotic resistance.
Some bacteria found the way to avoid penicillin and put them together to create their little DNA with other bacteria and now there are a lot of resistant to penicillin because bacteria communicate.
This communication gave place that they were formed communities that were in some way together, and they established a synergy.
That way they survive or failed together, whether, if a community was very successful, all the individuals in that community would replicate more and were fascinated by evolution.
And the inflection point happened when these communities came so close that, in fact, they came together and decided to write all the recipe of the community together in a DNA chain.
The next interesting stage for life took another billion years.
And at that stage we have multicellular communities, communities of many different cells working together as one organism.
In fact, we are a multicellular community.
We have many cells that are no longer acting alone.
The skin cell doesn't serve without the heart, or the muscles, or the brain, and so on.
So these communities evolved, and they were produced more interesting levels than cell cell, something we call an organism.
The next level happened within these communities.
They started embracing information.
And to build very special structures that they didn't do more than process in community.
It's the neural structures.
The neurons are the devices that process the information that those cell communities built.
In fact, they started specialize within the community being responsible to register, to understand and transmit information.
Those were the brains and the nervous system of those communities.
And that gave them an evolutionary advantage.
Because at that time as individuals -- learning was confined to the duration of an organism, not to the period of evolutionary time.
So, an organism could, for example, learn not to eat a certain fruit because it knew bad and sick the last time I ate it.
That could happen during the life of an organism since they had built these information processing structures that for evolution would have learned for hundreds of thousands of years by the death of individuals that ate that fruit.
So the fact that the nervous system built those information structures enormously the evolutionary process.
Because evolution could now be confined to an individual.
It could happen in time necessary to learn.
But then, of course, individuals discovered the trick of communication.
So, for example, the most refined version we know is human language.
If we think about it, it's an amazing invention.
I have a very complicated idea a vague idea, in the head.
Now, I'm sitting here by emitting a few groups, and hopefully, building a similar, vague idea, in your head that saves certain analogy with mine.
But we take something very complicated, we become sound, in sound sequences, and we produce something very complicated in another brain.
That now allows us to start working as an organism.
In fact, as a humanity, we've started to do abstractions.
We now move for similar periods to multicellular organisms; we abstract our record methods, presentation and information processing.
For example, the invention of language was a little step in that direction.
The telephone, the computer, the video tape, the BRCK, etc . are the specialized mechanisms that we now build to handle that information.
And that brings us into something much bigger, faster and able to evolve more than we did before.
Now evolution can happen in microseconds.
You saw the evolutionary example of Ted when I was a certain evolution with the conversation, in front of our eyes.
And now we've accelerated time scales again.
The first stages of the story that I told them took a billion years each.
The next stages, the nervous system and the brain, it took a few hundred million years.
The next, the language, they took less than a million years old.
And the next one, like electronics, seems to take just a few decades.
The process is feedback; I suppose that the word is the right word to name something that accelerates its own pace of change.
The more it changes, the faster it does.
And I think that's what we're looking at in this explosion of curve.
We see that the process gets feedback.
But I make my life designing computers and I know that the mechanisms that I employ to design them would not be possible without the recent computer advances.
But now design objects of complexity that would be impossible for me to design them in a conventional way.
I don't know that it does every transistor in that connections machine.
There are billions.
Instead, with the designers of Thail MacArtual, we think a level of abstraction, we put it in the machine and the machine with that does something that hasn't been able to get much further and faster than ever before.
In fact, sometimes we use methods that we don't even understand.
A particularly interesting method, which I've been using lately, is evolution itself.
We put into the machine an evolutionary process that operates on the scale of microseconds.
And, for example, in the most extreme cases, we can evolve a program from a random sequence of instructions.
We said,``Please computer, can you run a hundred million sequences of random instructions?
Could you run these sequences of random instructions, to execute all of those programs, and take those that are more approaching what we want to do? ''
In other words, I define what I want.
Let's say I want to order numbers, to put a simple example.
So, we found the programs that are more coming to order numbers.
Of course, it's unlikely for random instructions of instructions, order numbers, so none of them did.
But one, luckily, could take two numbers in the right order.
And I said,``computer, could you take 10 percent of those random sequences that better did the task?
Let's take those and remove the rest.
And now we play the best numbers of the numbers.
And we're going to reproduce them by following a process of analog reconstruction to sex . ''
Let's take two programs, which are selling children, who exchange urbanism, and that children inherit the properties of both programs.
So we got a new generation of programs from the combinations of programs that had a little more successful.
And we say,``Please repeat the process . ''
It's gaining again.
It introduced some mutations.
It tries again and it tries to play with another generation.
Well, every generation takes a few milliseconds.
So, I can do the equivalent of millions of years of evolution in a few minutes or, in complicated cases, in a few hours.
At the end, we ended up with programs that order absolutely perfect numbers.
In fact, they're much more efficient than I could have written by hand.
If I look at those programs, I can't say how they work.
I've tried to analyze them to see how they work.
These are dark, strange programs.
But they get the committed.
In fact, I know, I have the security that you get the target because they come from a lineage of hundreds of thousands of programs that did it.
In fact, their lives depend on achieving.
I once went in a 747 with Martin Minister and pulled a card and says,``Look at this.
It says,``This airplane has hundreds of thousands of particles work together to offer a safe flight .'"Don't make you feel quiet? ''
We know that engineering processes don't work very well when they become complicated.
So we started to depend on computers to make good design processes.
And that allows us to produce much more complex things than the normal engineering produces.
However, we don't understand the whole options there.
In that sense, it goes in front of us.
Now we use those programs so much faster and so much more quickly, and so we can execute these programs much more quickly.
I mean, it feeds.
The thing goes faster and faster and so I think it seems so confused.
Because all these technologies will be feedback.
We're expanding.
And we're at an analog moment of the single-celled organisms when they became multicellular.
We are the amoeba, and we can't understand what the hell is creating.
We're at the point of inflection.
But I think something comes behind us.
I think it would be very arrogant from our part thinking that we are the final product of evolution.
And I think all of us are part of the creation of whatever it is to come.
But now it comes the lunch, and I think I'll stop here before I'm eliminated.
I think we have to do something with a part of medical culture that should change.
And I think this starts with a doctor, and that's me.
And I've been doing enough time to allow you to be part of my fake prestige on that.
Before I treat my talk, let's talk a little baseball.
Why not?
We're close to the end, the World Series.
We love baseball, right?
The baseball is full of amazing statistics.
There are hundreds of statistics.
It's going to be``Rossynan Robotics"-- I talk about statistics and using them to form a great baseball team.
I'll focus on one of them and I hope that many of you will know it.
It's called a battery average.
And we talked about 300, from a battery that's worth 300.
That means that the bat is effectively balanced, three of 10 times.
That means throwing the ball into the game field without being trapped, and anyone who tries to launch it into the first base, doesn't get to time, and the second base will be saved.
Three attempts of 10.
You know, what do you call a 300-year-old banker in the Great League?
Well, really good, maybe the team of stars.
You know how to call a 400-foot baseball bath?
By the way, that's someone who of 10 hits, plus four.
legendary -- as the legendary Ted Williams player, the last Major League player in Beijing to run more 400 hits in a regular season.
Now let's take this to my world of medicine where I feel much more comfortable, or maybe less uncomfortable, after what I'm going to tell you today.
Suppose you have apps and you're derived to a surgeon that has also a 400 record in applications.
It doesn't work, right?
Now suppose that you live in a remote place and a loved one has two clogged coronary arteries and your family doctor gives you a cardiologist whose record in angiogenesis is 200.
But do you know something?
She's really improving this year.
And it's been 2507.
This is not working.
But I'm going to ask you.
What do you think that should be the average of a heart surgeon or a surprise or a nurse of a biologist?
1,000, very well.
And the truth of the issue is that nobody in all medicine knows the covers of a good surgeon, a doctor or a doctor.
What we do, though, is to send them to the world, and I get into the mandate of being perfect.
That never, ever, make a mistake and concern to figure out how to do well.
That was the message I abstract when I was in medical school.
I was a computer obsessed student.
Once, a fellow in high school said that Brian Goldman studied to a blood exam.
Such.
I studied in my little disadvantage, at the nurse of the General Hospital nurses in Toronto, not far from here.
And I learned all of the memory.
From my kind of anatomy, memory, the origin and the muscle work, the branching of every artery that comes out of the anger, the diagnostic frequency and not usual.
And I even knew the difference of the difference about how to classify kidney tube.
And meanwhile, more and more knowledge.
And I went very well; I graduated with honor.
And the school of medicine with the impression that if I memorized everything, then I would know everything, or most possible, close to the whole, because that's what I'm immune from mistakes.
And it worked for a while, until I met Mrs. Deleter.
I was a resident in a college hospital here, in Toronto when they brought the lady down to the emergency service, where I was working.
At that time, I was assigned to the cardiology service.
And when you put up a cardiologist, I got to attend to that patient.
And to report the chief of residents.
When I saw Mrs. Drug, I was running.
I heard a recursive sound.
And when I put it up, I heard a submersible sound on both sides, which was a cognitive heart failure.
In these conditions, the heart stops working, and instead of pumping blood forward, blood goes to the lungs, these are filled with blood, and that's why there's difficulty to breathe.
And it wasn't hard to diagnose.
I did it, and I went to work in the treatment that I would give.
He gave him aspiring and medication to relieve pressure in his heart.
I gave him directors, water pills, so that I could eliminate liquid.
And in an hour or two, she started feeling better.
And I felt very well.
And that was when I made the first mistake; I sent her home.
Actually, I made two more errors.
He sent her home without talking to the chief of residents.
I didn't raise the phone, and I didn't do what I should have done, which was to call my boss and consult it with him to see it.
And if my boss had seen it, it would have been able to provide complementary information.
Maybe I did for a good reason.
I probably didn't want to be a resident that would require constant attention.
Perhaps I wanted to be so successful and able to take responsibility, that I could take care of my patients without even contacted my boss.
The second mistake I made was worse.
When I sent it home, I didn't pay attention to a voice in my inside that said,``Goldman, it's not a good idea . Don't do it . ''
In fact, I was so insecure, I asked the nurse to take care of the Draw lady,``Do you think it's okay if you go home? ''
And the nurse thought, and then he said,``Yes, I think it will be right . ''
I remember that as if it was yesterday.
So he signed the high, and the ambulance with the doctors took her home.
And I went back to the hospital.
The rest of that day, that afternoon, had a bad presence in the stomach.
But I kept on my job.
At the end of the day, I packed up to leave the hospital and walked into the parking parking where my car was to go home, and I did something that I don't normally do normally.
I went through the emergency service on the way home.
And there's another nurse, not that the lady's lady was before, but another . He told me three words, those three words that most emergency doctors fear.
Other specialists fear also, but there's a particular thing, and that is that we're looking at the powerful patients.
The three words are: Do you remember?
\" Did you remember the patient who sent home? ''
I asked the other nurse with total nature.
\" Well she came back ,"with the same voice tone.
She was okay.
But back and on the edge of death.
At the end of an hour of having got to her house, after I gave him the high, he suffered a collapse and his family called 911; the players brought it into emergency with a 50 feet of Health's feet, which means a severe shock.
I was barely breathing and was blue.
The emergency staff deploy all their resources.
They gave him medication to climb the blood pressure.
They put an artificial breath.
I was shocked and rocked to the spinal cord.
I had a sense of feelings because then they stabilize it was in intensive therapy and hoped against every hope that would recover.
And in the two or three days, it was obvious that I would never wake up.
He had an irreversible brain damage.
The family got together.
And in eight or nine days, they resisted what was happening.
And the ninth day, they let it go . Mrs. Drug, wife, mother and grandmother.
They say that they will never forget the names of those they die.
That was my first experience.
The following weeks, I punished for it and experienced for the first time the embarrassment of our medical culture, and I felt just, isolated, without feeling that healthy shame because you can't talk to your colleagues.
You do the peace and you never make that mistake.
It's that shame that leaves a teaching.
The malignant shame that I talk about is that it makes us feel very bad inside.
It's the one that tells us not that what we did was wrong, but we are bad.
And that felt.
And it wasn't for my boss; he was a love.
I talked to the family, and I'm sure that I put things out and make sure that I would not demand.
And I kept asking those questions.
Why didn't I ask my boss? Why did I send her home?
And in my worst moments, why did I make such a silly mistake?
Why did I choose medicine?
Slowly, that feeling was spreading.
And I started feeling better.
And in a cloudy day, the sky was opened and finally came out, and I wondered if I would feel better again.
And I made a deal with myself in which if I stole the efforts to be perfect to make no more mistakes, I would make these voices.
And it was.
I went back to work.
But it would happen.
Two years later, it was the emergency department in a community hospital north of Toronto, and I got a 25 year-old man with a pain in the throat.
I was very busy.
And he was sitting here.
I looked at his throat, he was a bit colorful.
He wrote penicillin and sent her home.
But while he's heading on the door, he was following his throat.
Two days later, when I came to doing my guard change, my boss asked me to speak with me tragically in his office.
And it made the three words: Do you remember?
Do you remember the patient who saw a pain in the throat?
Well, he came back and he had no strategic bankers.
I had a potentially deadly feature called copies.
You can look for it in Google . It's an infection, not the throat, but from the top air, and that can cause the closing of those pathways.
He, fortunately, didn't fail.
It's anticipated by an amazing thing, and it recovered at a few days.
And you go through the same period of shame and representatives, then I was relieved, and I went back to work, until I happened again and again and again.
Two times in the same emergency turn, not diagnosed.
And it's a great effort, especially working in a hospital, since 14 patients at the same time.
But in both cases, I didn't send them home, and I don't think it's a disaster.
One of them thought I had a kidney calculation.
So order a kidneys X-ray, but it was normal . A colleague who was revealing the patient perceived a certain sensitivity in the lower right-hand corner and called the surgeon.
The other patient was with a lot of diarrhea.
I read a liquid, and I asked my colleague to check it.
And I checked it, and when I noticed some sensitivity in the lower right-hand corner, I called the surgeon.
Both of them were operated and recovered well.
But every case I got stuck, I was disturbed.
But I'd like to tell you that I made the worst errors in the first five years of exercise, and as many colleagues say, it's an opera.
The most significant has been over the last five years.
Only, embarrassed and no support.
And here's the problem: if I can't release and talk about my mistakes, if I can't find the voice that's really telling me, how can I share this with my colleagues?
How do you teach them so that they don't make the same mistakes?
If I would go in now a place like this, I had no idea what you think about me.
When was the last time you heard someone talk about failure, after failure, after failure?
Of course, in a party listening to the errors of other doctors, but not listening to someone talking about their own mistakes.
And if I knew and my colleagues as well, that a trauma in my hospital was a wrong leg, believe me that I would have difficulty to look at the eyes.
This is the system we have.
The total denial of mistakes.
It's the system that there are two positions: the ones that make mistakes and the ones that don't sleep and the ones that don't sleep, and the ones that have a few results and those who have great results.
And it's almost like an ideological reaction, as antibodies that begin to attack that person.
We have the idea that if we take away from medicine to people who make mistakes, we will stay a safe system.
But that brings two problems.
In 20 years, and medical journalism, I've done a personal study of bad medical prison and medical errors to learn what possible, from the first article I wrote for the Toronto Star to my program,``White Cohen, Black Art . ''
And what I learned is that mistakes are ubiquitous.
We work in a system where errors happen every day, where one in every 10 prescribed drugs in the hospital are wrong, or definition is not right . In a system where hospital-acquired infections are increasingly, and more numerous, providing chaos and death.
In this country, they die 24,000 Canadian errors for preventable medical errors.
The U.S. Medical Institute was established 100,000.
In both cases, it's about crude underestimate, because we're not destroying the problem as we should.
And that's how things are.
A hospital system where knowledge gets multiply every two or three years, and we don't update.
The deprivation of sleep invaded everything.
And we can't get rid of it.
We have cognitive biases that allow us to make a perfect history of a patient with pain on the chest.
Now, let's take the same patient with a pain on the chest, and it comes crazy with tears, and with breath to alcohol, and all of a sudden, my story stood up.
It's not the same story.
I'm not a robot; I don't always do things like that.
And my patients are not cars . They don't relate their symptoms always in the same way.
So, errors are inevitable.
So, if we take the system as they taught us, and we remove all the professional people to mistake, well, no one.
And what about people don't want to talk about their most serious cases?
In my show,``White, black art ,"it's a custom to say,``This is my worst mistake ."I would say,``This is my worst mistake ."I would say to everybody from the paradigms to the heart surgery chief:``This is my worst mistake ,"blah, blah, blah --``What are your
And his students would stop, they would go back, they would go down their head and they'll swallow saliva and start telling their stories.
They want to tell their stories, they want to share them.
They want to be able to say,``Look, don't commit the same mistake . ''
They need a context where we can do it.
They need a redefine medical culture.
And it starts with a doctor every time.
The redesign doctor is human, it's known human, it takes it, and it doesn't get rid of its mistakes, but it's effort to learn how to teach others.
It shares their experiences with them.
It's support for those who talk about their mistakes.
It signals the mistakes of other people not with the intention of catching them, but in a loving and loving way for everyone to benefit.
And it works in a medical culture that recognizes the system, and when this happens, errors every once.
My name is Brian Goldman.
I'm a redefinetic doctor.
I'm human, I eat mistakes.
And I'm sorry, but I'm really excited about learning something that can transmit others.
I don't know what you think about me, but I can live with that.
And let me conclude with three personal words: I remember it.
Do you know how many decisions we take one day?
Do you know how much we choose in a week?
Recently, I made a survey for more than 2,000 people and the average amount of choice that says to pick an average American, is about 70 a day.
It doesn't do much, in a research for a week to a group of companies.
Researchers recorded the different tasks that were taken by these executives and the time that they used to make decisions related to those tasks.
They found that, on average, they take 130 jobs a week.
Naturally, every job included a lot of messages.
Half of those decisions took nine minutes or less.
Only 12 percent required an hour or more than their time.
Now think about your choices.
Do you know how many people belong to nine minutes, and how many of an hour?
How do you value the way those decisions do?
Today, I want to talk about one of the biggest problems of today: to choose to the overload of options.
I want to talk about the problem and some possible solutions.
And as I talk about this, I'm going to ask you a few questions and I need to know your answers.
When you ask a question, as I'm blind, you raise your hand only if you want to burn calories.
Otherwise, when you ask a question, if your answer is positive please, you give a pat.
And now my first question of day: Are you ready to hear about the problem of choice overload?
Thank you.
Being a graduate student at Stanford University, I offered this level of very, very high level -- at least at that time it was very sophisticated.
It was called Dragother.
It was almost like going to a amusement park.
There were like 250 different kinds of mustard and vinegar, over 500 different types of fruit and vegetables and about 25 of the bottled water, and this was when we took water from the faucet.
I loved going to that store, but in one occasion, I wondered, why don't I buy anything?
This is the olive oil shelf.
They had more than 75 different classes, including the ones that were in sealed box that came from millennia trees.
I once decided to visit the manager, and I said,``Does this strategy work well to offer all these options? ''
He pointed me out of the buses full of tourists coming every day, usually with their cameras.
We decided to do a little experiment with the members.
Passage.
They had 348 different classes.
We installed a post to look at, right to the tent of the store.
We put out there marketed six tastes, or about 24 different tastes, and we looked at two things: First, what do people have been willing to stop to try and test the marathon?
More people stopped when there were 24 -- 60 percent, that when there were only six , 40 percent.
We also looked at what case they were more likely to buy a market.
We found the opposite effect.
Of the ones that were stopped when there were 24, only three percent came to buy.
Of the ones that were stopped when there were six, we saw that 30 percent of it bought.
If we do the calculations, people were having six times more likely to buy, if they found six, if they found 24.
Well, to decide that we don't buy the performance probably makes us, at least it's good to conserve the line, but it turns out that the operating problem of choice affects us in very momentous decisions.
We decided not to decide, even though this doesn't become.
Now the theme of the day: the financial savings.
I'm going to describe a study that I did with Gur Hudson, Loose Kamen and Wei Jane, where we see the decisions about savings for about a million Americans, from about 650 plans in this country.
We were interested in seeing if the number of funds available in savings for retirement savings, the 404 program, people to save people to save the future.
And we discovered that there was actually a correlation.
We had 576 plans that went from two, to 59 different options.
We found that the bigger the numbers of offered funding, the less participation.
So if we look at the extremes, we see that in the plans that offer two funds, the participation rate was 70 percent or more, not as high as it would like.
And in the plans that offered about 60 funds, the participation rate went down to 60.
It turns out that even if you decide to participate, when there are more choices, even in that case, there are negative consequences.
So for those who decided to participate, the bigger the number of choices, the more people they were inclined by avoiding actions or investment funds.
And as soon as there were more options, they were more willing to invest in financial bills.
But none of these extreme decisions are the ones that we will recommend to optimize the future financial well-being.
In the previous decade, we've seen three main negative consequences to offer more and more possibilities.
The most likely thing is that you play the decision, that you apply it even when it goes against the interest itself.
It's more likely to make the worst decisions, in finance and health.
They're more likely to pick things less satisfying, even though they're obviously going to be better.
The main reason is that we're getting to look at that gigantic variety of mass, mustard, vinegar and membership, but we're not able to do the calculations to compare, to contrast and choose from that awesome exhibition.
Today I want to show you four simple techniques that we've tried, in one way or another, in different research, so that they can test in their business.
The first one is, cutting.
You've never been more true than today, that less is more.
People always upset when I say,``Cut . ''
They worry about losing space in the analog.
But actually what we're looking at is that if you decide to cut, get rid of strange redundant options, there will be an increase in sales, go down the costs, there will be a better experience in choice.
When Protection & Gamble went from 26 different types of Health & Shooting to 15, they saw a 10 percent increase in sales.
When the Golden Cat eliminated products for cats that are less sold, the uses were increasing in 87 percent, by two causes: bigger sales and less costs.
Today's supermarkets, on average, offer 45,000 products.
In a Walmart store, about 100,000 products are offered.
But the world's largest stores in the current world is Aldo and offers only 1,400 products -- a kind of tomato tomato.
In the world of financial savings, I think one of the best examples that have emerged on how to deal better the choices is David Laurents' plant, the Harvard program.
All Harvard employees are automatically engaged to a life insurance fund.
Those who really want to choose, they offer 20 funds, not 300 or more.
You know, often people say,``I don't know how to cut.
These are all important choices . ''
The first thing I do is ask the employees,``Tell me how many differences there are between those options.
And if your employees can't tell you, you can't do their customers . ''
This afternoon, before I started this session, I was talking to Gary.
He told me that he would be willing to offer the people in this audience, a little bit of the most beautiful road in the world.
Here, a description.
I want you to read it.
I'm going to leave a few seconds to read it, and then I want you to give you a applause if you're ready to take the Gary supply.
( A few applause) Okay . Anybody who's ready to accept the supply.
Aren't you more?
Well, I'm going to show you something else.
You knew there was a trick.
Who's ready for that journey?
I think it actually agreed to hear more hands.
All right.
Actually, you had more information in the first round, than in the second, but I can say you thought the second time was more real.
Because the images made it look more real.
This brings me to the second technique to handle the problem of choice overload, which is Constance.
So for people to understand the differences between options, they have to understand the consequences of each option, and that the consequences must feel very differently, very concrete.
Why do people spend 15 to 30 percent more on average when they use debit cards or credit, than when they use effective?
Because it doesn't seem real money.
It turns out that making it more real, can be a very positive tool for people to save more.
We did a study with Shakespeare Benjamin and Alexander Previous, who was working on NGO . These people were in a meeting where they were going to a 401 plan.
In that meeting, that we've done exactly how we used, we did a little addiction.
What we added was that we requested the staff to think about the positive things that would happen in their lives if they were saving more money.
With this minute, there was an increase in the 20th percent adaptive adapting and an increase in the amount that they were interested in saving or what they wanted to put in their savings, four percent.
The third technique is to classify.
We can handle more categories than options.
For example, this is a study we did in a magazine hallway.
We saw that in the Segment supermarkets, it's along the northeast corridor, the exhibition of magazines can contain 33,000 different types to 46664.
But you know?
Because classification tells me how to differentiate them.
These are two jewelry exhibits.
One is called``jazz"and the other,``Sydney . ''
If you think the one on the left is Swedish, and the one on the right is jazz, they give a panel.
( A few applause) Well, there are some.
If you think the one on the left is jazz, and the one on the right is Swedish, they give a pat.
Well, something else.
It turns out it's right.
The one on the left is jazz and the right one is Swedish . But, you know something?
This rating scheme is completely useless.
categories have to indicate something who chooses, not that it defines them.
You often see this problem with these huge funds of funds.
So, who are they reporting?
My fourth category: I'll contaminate complexity.
It turns out that we can handle much more information than we think, if we just simplify it a little bit.
We need to increase complexity gradually.
I'm going to show you an example of what I mean.
Let's see a very complicated decision -- the purchase of a car.
This is a German car manufacturer that allows you to personalize it completely.
You have to take 60 decisions, to assemble the car.
And these decisions vary in the number of options that offers each one.
colors, outside color . I have 56 possibilities.
engine, change box -- four options.
What I'm going to do is to vary the order in which decisions appear.
So half of the customers are going to go from many options , 56 colors, a few, four boxes.
The other half of the customers are going to go from few options, four boxes, to 56 colors, many options.
And what am I going to look at?
How involved you are.
If you're always accepting the button down in every decision, this indicates that you're overwhelmed, you're losing them.
We find that those who go from many choices to a few, they push the button down over and over again, and another.
We lose them.
If you go from few choices to many, continue there.
Same information, same number of options.
The only thing I did was alter the order in which information is presented.
If we start with the easy, you learn to choose.
Although you choose the box of change, it doesn't say anything about the preferences of interior decoration, anyway, it prepared us to choose.
We're excited about a product that we're building that now has more hooked with the process.
To summarize.
I've talked about four techniques to mitigate the problem of the overload of choice: cutting, eliminating strange alternatives -- Congress, to make it real; classify, we can handle more categories with fewer options; to contaminate complexity.
All of these techniques that I've presented them were designed to help manage alternatives, or better, for you to use them in their issues, or for people who serve.
I think the key to getting the best of an election is being careful to choose.
And the more careful we are in our best choices we can practice the art of choice.
Thank you very much.
In the 1980s, in the East Germany, if you had a typewriter machine, you had to register it to government.
He had to record a piece of text, written with the machine.
And this is so that the government could track the origin of the texts.
If you found a writer with the wrong message, you could track the footprint to the origin of the idea.
In the West, we didn't know that someone could do this, how much it would limit the freedom of expression.
We would never do that in our countries.
But today, in 2011, if you buy a laser color printer from any big manufacturing and print one page, that page will end up having some yellow yellow dots on every page that makes them themselves of one and their printer.
That's happening to us today.
And nobody seems to be a lot like this.
This is an example of the ways that our governments use technology against us, the citizens.
And it's one of three main causes of problems in the network.
If we look at what happens in the online world, we can put the attacks according to their attacker.
There are three main groups.
There are the cybercriminals.
Like Mr. Dimitri Gold-universal from the city of Kiev, in Ukraine.
The mobile cell phone is very easy to understand.
These guys make money.
They use the cyberattacks to earn a lot of money, enough quantities.
There are really many cases of online millions online, billionaires, who won money with their attacks.
This is Louisvie Testers, from Taiwan, Estonia.
This is Alfred Google.
This is Stephen Watt.
This is Borwalku Sun.
These are Matthew Anderson, Tanzania Alexander, etc., etc.
These guys make their fortunes online, but they do it by illegal means through banking drones to steal money from our accounts when we buy online, or steal our keys to get information from our cards when we buy in an infected computer.
The secret service of America, two months ago, froze the Swiss account of this gentleman, Sam Jain, and this account had 14 million dollars when it was frozen.
Mr. Jain and Mr. Jane is unknown.
And I say that today is more likely than any of us's victims of a real crime than a real crime.
And it's very obvious that this goes from bad in worse.
In the future, most crimes will happen online.
The second group of attacks in importance that we see today is not motivated by money.
There's another thing that moves them, motivate the protests, motivate the opinions, motivate laughter.
Groups like Anonymous have declined in the last 12 months by taking a role in the online attacks.
Those are the three main attacks: the criminals that do it for money, the hackers like Anonymous who do it to protest and the last group is the national states, the governments they attack.
And then we see cases like Digital Divert.
That's a good example of government attack against its own citizens.
Digital is a certificate authority of the Netherlands, or actually it was.
Declared the last fall because of a taste.
They were dragging the safety of the site, and they were paralyzed.
Last week I asked, in a meeting with Dutch government representatives, I asked one of the leaders if they found the death of people to the Diagnostic attack.
And the answer of it was yes.
So how do people die because of an attack of these?
Digital is a certified authority.
They sell certified.
What do the certificate serve?
Well, you need if you have a website with tattoos, self-supposed Systems, services like Gmail.
Except to intercept a foreign certified authority.
And that they're emitting a certified certificate.
And in the case of digits, it happened exactly that.
And what happened in the Arab Spring and those things that have happened, for example, in Egypt?
Well, in Egypt, protesters took off the Egyptian secret police headquarters in April 2011, and during the board of the building, they found many papers.
Among those papers was this folder called``FOXO . ''
And within that folder, there were notes of a company in Germany who had sold the Chinese government tools to intercept large the communications of the country citizens.
He had sold this tool for 200,000 euros to the Egyptian government.
The company headquarters is right here.
I mean, Western governments provide the tools to the totalitarian governments to do this to their citizens.
But Western governments also do this to themselves.
For example, in Germany, just a couple of weeks ago, the Scott tree was found -- a hundred weeks used by German government officials to investigate their own citizens.
If you're suspicious in a good criminal case, it's pretty obvious that your phone is interested.
But today it goes beyond.
You intercept the Internet connection.
They're going to use even tools like Project Schulgan to infect our computer with a orphanage to allow them to see all the communication, and listen online arguments, to get our data.
When we think about things like this, the obvious answer should be``Well, it seems bad, but I don't really affect me because I'm a honest citizen.
Why worry?
I have nothing to hide . ''
And that argument doesn't make sense.
It's in play the privacy.
Privacy doesn't argue.
It's not a question of privacy against security.
It's about the freedom against control.
Although we could trust our governments today in 2011, any right that we're doing today, it will be forever.
Are we going to be blindly confident in any future government, in an administration that we could have within 50 years?
These are the questions that you have to worry about in the next 50 years.
This is where I live in Kenya, in the southern part of Nairobi National Park.
These are the cows of my dad, the background, and behind cows, the Nairobi National Park.
The National Park of Nairobi doesn't have close to the South, which means that wild animals like caves migrate freely outside the park.
And predators, like lions, follow them, and this is what they do.
They kill our livestock.
This is one that they killed at night, and so soon we got up in the morning, and we found it dead for me, because it was the only storm we had.
My community, the most, believe that we came from the sky with our animals and all the land to beat them, and that's why we value them so much.
So I grew up by hate a lot to the lions.
The dying are warriors that protect our community and livestock, and they're also upset with the problem.
So they kill lions.
This is one of the six lions that they killed in Nairobi.
I think there are so few in Nairobi National Park.
A child in my community, about six to nine years old, is responsible for his father's cattle, and this was the same thing that happened to me.
So I had to find a way to solve this problem.
My first idea was to use fire, because I thought the lions were afraid.
But I realized that this was actually not served, because it even helped lions see the status of far.
I didn't give up . I continued.
A second idea was to use a windshield.
I was trying to deceive lions to believe that I was close to the stable.
But the lions are very smart . They came the first day, and they saw the Spanish, and they went out, but the second day, they went back and said,``This thing doesn't move, it's always here . So they jumped and kill animals.
So one night I was walking around the stable with a torch, and the lions didn't come.
I discovered that lions are afraid of the light that moves.
So I had an idea.
And I got a switch with which to learn and turn out the lights.
And this is a little light lamp.
I was all.
As you can see, the solar panel charges the battery and the battery supplies the electricity to the little Indian box . I call it a transformative.
And the Indian box makes the lights stop.
As you can see, the light bulbs are out, because that's where the lions come from.
And that's how you see the lions when they come from night.
The lights flash down and put the lions for you to think that I'm walking through the stable, but I'm sleeping in my bed.
Thank you.
So I put them in my house two years ago, and since then, we never have trouble with lions.
And the neighborhood houses heard the idea.
One of them is this grandmother.
She had killed a lot of animals, and he asked me if I could put the lights.
I said yes.
I put them . You can see the background, these are the lights for lions.
Since then, I've installed them in seven houses in my community and they're serving a lot.
And my idea is also used by Kenya, to scare other predators like hyenas, leopards, and also being used to spread elephants from the farms.
And because of this invention, I had the fortune to get a scholarship in one of the best schools in Kenya, Broadball International School, and I'm very excited.
My new school is now helping to raise funds and consciousness.
I even led my friends to my community and installed lights in the houses that don't have them, and I teach you how to put them.
So, a year ago, it was just a child in the front of the savanna crawling my father's cows, and I used to see planes fly, and I was telling me that someday I would be inside one.
And today I am.
I got the chance to come in airplane for the first time to TED.
My big dream is to be an engineer of aviation and pilot when I grow up.
I used to hate the lions, but now as my invention is saving my dad's cows and lions, we can be with lions without any conflict.
So, I smell . What my language means, thank you very much.
Chris Anderson: Don't imagine how exciting it is to listen to a story like yours.
So you get a scholarship . Richard Turing: Yeah.
CA: You're working on other electrical inventions.
What is the next on your list?
RB: My next invention is -- I want to make a close power . CA: An electrical fence?
RB: I know they already invented electric fences, but I want to do mine.
CA: You try it once, right? And you -- RB: I've tried it before, but stopped because I got a clay . CA: On the foot of the canyon . Richard Turing, you're a big thing.
We're going to be engaged in every step that you have, my friend.
Thank you very much . RB: Thank you very much.
When I was small, I thought my country was the best on the planet.
I grew up singing a song called``No envy . ''
And I felt very proud.
In school, we spent all the time studying Kim Islands history, but we never learned a lot from the rest of the world, except America, South Korea, Japan are the enemies.
Although I was sometimes wondering about the rest of the world, I thought it would happen all my life in North Korea, until everything changed suddenly.
When I was seven, I saw my first public execution.
But I thought my life in North Korea was normal.
My family wasn't poor, and I had never been hungry.
But one day, in 1995, my mom brought home a letter from my sister's colleague.
He said,``When you read this, the five members of the family will stop existed in this world, because we haven't eaten in the two past weeks.
We're collected together on the floor, and our bodies are so weak, that we're prepared to die . ''
I was very altered.
It was the first time I heard that people were suffering in my country.
And when I was walking in front of the train station, I saw something terrible that I can't erase my memory.
A living woman was dead on the street, holding a child climbing in his arms looking at his mother's face without being able to do anything.
Nobody helped them, because they were very concerned about caring themselves and their families.
A huge famine pulls North Korea in the middle of the '90s.
In the end, more than a million North Koreans died during famine, and only a few survived eating, insects and tree cortex.
They were also made more and more frequently the energy cuts, all around me were completely to dark at night except by sea lights in China, barely crossing the river from my house.
I always wondered why they had light and us not.
This is a satellite picture of North Korea at night compared to neighboring countries.
This is the American river, which is from limit between North Korea and China.
As you can see, the river can be very narrow in certain points, allowing North Koreans to dramatically cross.
But many die.
Sometimes, I saw bodies floating on the river.
I can't reveal the details of how I came out of North Korea, but I can only say that during the years of famine, I was sent to China to live with distant relatives.
But I just thought I'd be separated from my family for short time.
I could never have imagined that it would take 14 years back to live together.
In China, it was hard to live as a young woman without my family.
I had no idea what life would be like as a Nigerian refugee.
But soon I learned that it's not just extremely difficult, but also dangerous, because the North Koreans in China were considered illegal immigrants.
So I was living with a constant fear that my identity was revealed, and it would be repeated to a horrible destination back in North Korea.
One day, my worst nightmare became reality, when I was arrested by the Chinese police and introduced me in the police station.
Someone had accused me for being North, then they looked at my skills in the Chinese language and asked me a lot of questions.
I was terrified.
I thought my heart was going to explode.
If it didn't seem natural, it could be incarcerated and sports.
I thought my life was going to end.
But I managed to control my emotions and answered the questions.
At the end of the interrogation, one official said to another,``This was a fake report . She's not normal . ''
And they let me go . It was a miracle.
Some North Koreans in China look for asylum in foreign embassies.
But many can be arrested by Chinese police and sports.
These women had a lot of luck.
Although they had captured them, they were eventually released after a harsh international pressure.
These Americans weren't so lucky.
Every year, countless Koreans are captured in China and sports to North Korea, where they're tortured, incarcerated or executed in public.
Although I was lucky to escape, many other Americans haven't had so much luck.
It's tragic that North Koreans have to hide their identities and fight so hard just to survive.
Even after we learn a new language and find work, everybody can dive into an instant.
That's why, after 10 years of hiding my identity, I decided to go to South Korea.
And I started a new life again.
In South Korea, South Korea was a much greater challenge than I expected.
The English was very important in South Korea, I had to start learning my third language.
Also, I understood that there was a great gap between North and South.
We are all Korean, but in the inside, we've become very different because of 67 years of division.
They even go through a crisis of identity.
Am I South or North?
Where am I? Who am I?
Suddenly, there was no country that could call with pride mine.
Although I adapt to life in South Korea, it wasn't easy, I made a plan . I started studying for the university of income to university.
Just when I started to adapt to my new life, I got an alarming call.
North Korea authorities intercept some money that I sent to my family, and, as a punishment, my family was going to be displaced to the force to a remote location outside.
They had to flee immediately.
So I started planning how to help them escape.
North Koreans have to travel long distances on the way to freedom.
It's almost impossible to cross the border between North Korea and South Korea.
So, ironically, I took a flight to China, and I walked into the border with North Korea.
Since my family couldn't speak Chinese, I had to guide them, somehow for over 3,000 miles across China and then through Southeast Asia.
The bus trip took a week, and we were almost caught several times.
Once, our bus was arrested and addressed by a Chinese police officer.
He asked everybody, and he started asking them questions.
As my family couldn't understand Chinese, I thought my family was going to be arrested.
When the Chinese official came up to my family, I was physically standing, and I said that they were standardized people who were taking out.
He looked at me, but fortunately, he believed me.
We did all the way to the Labacue border.
But I had to spend almost all my money to bribe border guards in Laos.
But even after the border, my family was arrested and imprisoned to cross the border illegally.
After paying tickets and bribes, my family was released in a month.
But at time, my family was arrested and imprisoned again in the L.A. capital.
This was one of the lowest points in my life.
I did everything to release my family, and we were so close, but my family was held in prison to short distance of the Embassy of South Korea.
I went and came between the immigration office and police station, desperately trying to release my family.
But I didn't have enough money to pay more bribes or tickets.
I lost hope.
At that time, or the voice of a man asked,``What's the problem? ''
I was so surprised that a stranger would care to ask.
With my poor English and a dictionary, I explained the situation, and without doubt, the man went to the ATM and gave me the rest of the money for my family and for other two North Koreans and to get them out of prison.
I thank you with all my heart, and I asked him,``Why do I help me? ''
\" I'm not helping ,"he said.
I'm helping the North people.
I realized that that was a symbolic moment in my life.
The nice unknown symbolizes a new hope for me and for the North people when we needed it.
And I showed that the kindness of strangers and the support of the international community are really the traces of hope that the North people need.
Over time, after our long trip, my family and I met in South Korea.
But it's just half the battle.
A lot of North Koreans are separated from their families, and when they go to a new country, they start with little or nothing.
So, we can benefit from the international community with education, English language practices, work practice, and more.
We can also act as a bridge between people within North Korea and the rest of the world.
Because many of us continue to contact with families still inside, and we send information and money that is helping to change North Korea from inside.
I've been very lucky, I've received a lot of help and inspiration in my life, so I want to help giving Koreans an opportunity to thrive with international support.
I'm sure you're going to see more and more North Koreans running around the world, including the TED stage.
Thank you.
I live in South Central.
This is Centre South: lines of books, fast food, badlands.
So the city planners came together and thought, we're going to change the name of South Central to represent something else, so they changed it to Los Angeles, as if this will fix what's actually wrong in the city.
This is Los Angeles: Loids of lights, rapid food, badlands.
Just like 166 million other Americans, I live in a food desert, the Los Angeles Center, home from food places to take and eat in the car.
The curious thing is that the food places to bring more people kill more people than food in the car.
People are dying from curable diseases in the South Angeles Center.
For example, the obesity rate in my neighborhood is five times older than, say, Beverly Hills, which is about 15 miles away.
I tired to see that this happens.
And I wonder, how would you feel if you didn't have access to healthy food, and if every time you go out of home, you see the harmful food system that's in your neighborhood?
I see these chairs of shopping wheels and sold as cars used.
I see centers of dilemma plant like Starbucks.
And I think this should stop.
I think the problem is the solution.
Food is the problem, and it's the solution.
I'm also tired of driving 45 minutes away and back to buy an apple that doesn't have pesticides.
What I did, was planted a food forest in front of my house.
In a land farm we call a gardening.
It's 45 feet 3.
The point is, it belongs to the city.
But you have to keep it.
I said,``Well, I can do what comes to me in win, because it's my responsibility and I have to keep it . ''
That's how I decided to keep it.
So my group and me, L.A. Green Group, we get together and start to plant our food forest, fruit trees, you know, nine green vegetables.
What we do, we're a kind of group paid by advanced compounds of all procedures, all of the city and completely volunteer, and everything we do is free.
And the garden, was beautiful.
Then someone complained.
The city came to me on top of me, and in summary, they gave me a ritual saying that I had to remove my garden, the ritual was made of court.
And I said,``Come on, right?
A court order for planting food on a piece of land that no one matters?'"So, I was like,``Well, pick it up . ''
Because this time it wasn't going to happen.
L.A. Times had the story written by Steve Lepant, and he talked to the crab and one of Green Group members, who put a petition in Shanghai, with 900 signatures, we were successful.
We had the victory in our hands.
My ceiling even called to say that they would go back and drop what we were doing.
I mean, let's go, why not?
L.A. is the U.S. city with more balanced terrain.
It's 60 miles of badlands.
That's about 20 Central Park.
That's enough space to plant 125 million tomato plants.
Why don't you tell them well?
To grow a plant to give a thousand , 10,000 seeds.
When a dollar dollar will give them 75 dollars of outcome.
It's my anthem, when I tell people, crops your own food.
Growing your own food is like printing your own money.
You see, I have a legacy for Central South.
I grew up there . I raised my kids there.
I refused to be part of this manufacturing reality that was manufactured to me for others, and I'm going to manufacturing my own reality.
You see, I'm an artist.
The gardening is my graffiti, I cultivate my art.
Just like an artist of graffiti, which embraces walls, I get the soils, the gardens.
I use the garden, the land, like a piece of canvas, and the plants and the trees, are my equivalent of that canvas.
You'll be surprised to see what land can do, if you let it be your canvas.
You just can't imagine how amazing a sunflower is and how people affect.
What happened?
I'm a witness of how my garden became a education tool, of my neighborhood.
To change the community, you have to change the composition of the land.
We are the land.
They would be surprised to see how kids affect.
The gardening is the most therapeutic and provocative act that you can do, especially in a bridge.
Also, they get strawberries.
I remember an occasion, who came to a mother and daughter, were like 1936 at night and they were in my garden, salt and looked very quickly.
I, well, man, I felt bad that they were there, and I said, you know, you don't have to do this.
This is on the street for one reason.
I felt shame to see people who were so close to me with hunger, and this only reinforces why I do this, people ask me,``End, don't you fear people are going to steal your food? ''
And I say,``For God, no fear that they're going to steal it . ''
That's where it's on the street.
That's what it's about.
I want you to take it, but I want you to pick up your health . ''
There was another occasion that I put a garden in a refugee shelter in the center of Los Angeles.
There were these guys, who helped me download the truck.
It was fabulous, they shared me their stories about how this had affected them and how they used to plant with their mom and their grandmother, and it was great to see how this changed them, so it was just for a moment.
So Green groups has come to plant maybe 20 gardens.
We have, like about 50 people who come, work and participate, all in voluntary plan.
If kids grow color, kids eat color.
If you grow tomatoes, you'll eat tomatoes, but if none of this is taught, if you're not taught how food affects your mind and body, you eat blind what you're putting in front.
I see young people who want to work, but they have this thing in which they're trapped . I see color guys that are on this path designed for them, which doesn't take them anywhere.
With the gardening, I see an opportunity in which we can train these guys who are getting into their communities to have a sustainable life.
And when we do this, who knows?
Maybe you produce the next George Washington Center.
But if we don't change the composition of land, we'll never do it.
Now this is one of my plans, this is something I want to do.
I want to plant a whole block of gardens, where people can share food in the same block.
I want to take containers and turn them into healthy coffee.
Don't get me wrong.
I'm not talking about free things, because free is not sustainable.
The curious thing about sustainability is that you have to sustain it.
What I'm talking about is to put people work, take kids out of the street, who know the joy, the pride and the honor of growing their own food, opening markets of farmers.
What I want to do here, we have to do sexy.
I want you all to become an evolutionary, electronic dense, kissing gardens.
We need to change the script of what is a mess.
If you're not a gardener, you're not a mess.
That the beavers take their sticks back?
That's your weapon of choice.
In addition, if you want to meet with me, well, if you want to see me, you don't call me if you want to sit in comfortable chairs and have meetings to talk about making some shit -- to talk about making some shit.
If you want to see me, come to the garden with your stick so that we can plant something.
Peace . Thank you.
Thank you.
( Marchela sounds) (microwave paintings) You probably all agree with me that this is a very nice road.
It's made of asphalt, and the asphalt is a good material to drive, but not always, especially not in days like today, that it rains a lot.
You can have a huge amount of water in the asphalt that you hold.
And especially if you're riding in your bicycle and these cars go, that's not very nice.
Also, the asphalt can make a lot of noise.
It's a noisy material, and if we build roads, like in the Netherlands, very close to cities, we want a silent road.
The solution for that is to make porous traffic roads.
The porous asphalt, a material that we use now in most countries in the Netherlands, has pores and water can go through it, so all the water's water flow down to the sides and you'll have a road where it's easy to drive, and you won't get water to no more.
Noise also disappear in these pores.
Because it's very hollow, all the noise will disappear, so it's a very quiet road.
It also has disadvantages, of course, and the downside of this road is that you can undo it.
What is it going to get rid of? See that on this road the stones of the surface are coming out.
First one stone, then more and more and more and more and more and more, and then -- well, I won't do that, but you can damage your windshield, and you're not going to be happy with that.
And finally, this can also lead to more and more damage.
Sometimes you can create cars with that.
Ah . It's ready.
Backies, of course, can become a problem, but we have a solution.
So here you can actually see the damage of the damage in this material.
It's a porous asphalt, as I said, so it only has a little amount of defense between stones.
Because of the inside, to the ultraviolet light, to the oxytocin, this adversary, this block, the glue between the rivers, you get to focus on, and if you're focused on, you're going to be doing microbial and separated from the added.
So, if you drive down the road, you'll get the added out -- as you saw it here.
To solve this problem, we think of transcendence materials.
If we can make this material being authorized, then we probably have a solution.
So what we can do is use steel wool, of that to clean signals, and we can cut the steel wool in very small chunks, and we can mix those little pieces with the beta.
So we have little pieces of steel wool in it.
Then you need a machine, like the one you see here, that you use to cook -- an induction machine.
The induction can heat, especially steel, really good at that.
So what you have to do is heat the steel, melt the net, the beta will flow through these microbes and the stones will be fixed again to the surface.
Today I used a microwave oven, because I can't bring the big income machine here at the stage.
The oven of microwave is a similar system.
I put the show, which I'm going to take to see what happened.
This is the show that comes out now.
I said we have this kind of industrial machine in the lab to heat the samples.
We tried a lot of samples there, and then the government, actually saw our results, and they thought,``Well, that's really interesting . We have to try it . ''
So they gave us a piece of road , 400 meters from the ABC highway, where we had to make a trial lane to test this material.
So that's what we did there . You see where we were doing the road test, and then, of course, this road will last several years without any damage . That's what we know about practice.
We took a lot of samples from this road and tested them in the lab.
We made the samples, we put a lot of charge in them, we repair them then with our inclusion machine and repair them and we test them back.
We can repeat this many times.
Well, to conclude, I can say that we've made a material using steel fibers, incorporating these fibers, using the energy of industry to actually increase the life of the road surface, even they can double the life of the surface, and it will actually save a lot of money with very simple tricks.
And now, of course, they have curiosity of whether this also worked.
We still have the show here . It's pretty hot.
It really has to be cooled before I can show you how repair.
But I'm going to do an attempt.
Let's see . Yes, it worked.
Thank you.
When I was 11, I remember having woke up one morning with the sound of the court in my house.
My father was listening BBC News in his little gray radio.
He had a big smile in his face that was unusual in those times, because news generally depressed it.
\" The Taliban went!"I screamed my father.
I didn't know what it meant, but I could see my father was very, very happy.
\" Now you can go to a real school ,"he said.
One morning I'll never forget.
A real school.
You see, I was six years old when the Taliban went from Afghanistan and made the girls illegal to go to school.
For the next five years, I was dressed as a child to escort my older sister, who could no longer be outside, to go to a secret school.
It was the only way we could both educate ourselves.
Every day, we took a different route so that nobody could suspect where we were.
We had to hide the books in market bags so that we were shopping.
The school was in a house, over 100 of us stuck in a little room.
It was nice in winter, but extremely hot in summer.
We all knew that we risk our lives, the teacher, the students and our parents.
Occasionally, the school was suddenly closed for a week, because the Taliban suspected.
We always wondered what they knew about us.
Were they following us?
Did they know where we lived?
We were terrified, but yet, school was where we wanted to be.
I was very fortunate to grow in a family where education was appreciated and daughters a treasure.
My grandfather was an extraordinary man for his time.
A total installation of a remote province of Afghanistan, insisted in that his daughter, my mother, went to school, and so his father reported it.
But my mother educated became mastery.
This is her.
It will take two years ago, just to turn our house in school for girls and women in our neighborhood.
And my father, this is the first of all his family to receive education.
There was no doubt that their children had to receive education, even their daughters, despite the Taliban, despite the risks.
For him, there was a bigger risk to not educate his children.
For the years of the Taliban, I remember there were moments that I was very frustrated by our life, and I was always scared and I didn't see a future.
I wanted to quit, but my father said,``Hey, daughter, you can lose everything you have in life.
You can steal your money . You can force you to leave your house for a war.
But there's one thing that will always be with you, what's here, and if we have to sell our blood to pay your education, we'll do it.
So you still want not to continue? ''
I'm 22 years old today.
I grew up in a country that has been destroyed for decades of war.
Less than six percent of the women in my age have more than the high school, and if my family hadn't been so committed to my education, I would be one of them.
Instead, I find up here proud of graduate in Middle College.
When I went back to Afghanistan, my grandfather, which was removed from her home for the courage of educating his daughters, was one of the first ones to be healthy.
He doesn't only get rid of my college title, but I also was the first woman, and I I'm the first woman, which I carry on the streets of Kabul.
My family believes me.
I dream in big, but my family has even bigger dreams for me.
That's why I'm the global ambassador of 1943, a global campaign to educate women.
That's why I cofounded SOLA, the first and maybe the only private school for girls in Afghanistan, a country in which it's still risky for girls to go to school.
The exciting thing is that I see students in my school with the strong desire to harness opportunity.
And I see his parents and their families who, like mine, advocate for them, to weigh, even in front of a daunting opposition.
Like Ahmed . It's not his real name, and I can't show you his face, but Ahmed is the father of one of my students.
Less than a month ago, he and his daughter went from SOLA to his village, and literally they escaped from being killed by a bomb on the road, for minutes.
When you get to your house, you're the phone, a voice took it to you that if you continue to send your daughter to school, you'll try.
\" Tell me, if you want ,"he said,``but I'm not going to hate my daughter's future for its old and computer ideas . ''
What I've given to me about Afghanistan, and it's something that's often forgotten in the West, is that behind most of whom we succeed, there is a father who recognized the value of his daughter and seeing that the success of her own success.
It doesn't mean that our mothers haven't been key in our success.
In fact, it's often the first compelling interests of their daughters, but in the context of a society like Afghanistan, we need the support of men.
Under the Taliban, the girls who went to school is a hundred -- remember, it was illegal.
But today, more than three million girls go to school in Afghanistan.
Afghanistan looks so different from here in America.
I find that Americans see the fragility of changes.
I fear these changes don't last much, after the U.S. troops.
But when I go back to Afghanistan, when I look at students in my school and their parents who are advocating for them, that they encourage them, I see a very primitive future and a lasting change.
For me, Afghanistan is a country of hope and unlimited possibilities, and every day, the girls of SOLEs remind me.
Like me, they dream in big.
Thank you.
I've never forgotten the words of my grandmother who died in exile,``Son, resist Gaddafi . fought him.
But you never become a Gaddafi revolutionary revolutionary . ''
They've spent almost two years since the release is inspired by the surge of mass mobility as much as the Tunisian revolution.
A force with many other liberal citizens, inside and outside of the country to call a day of function and start a revolution against the daily regime of Gaddafi.
And we did it; it was a great revolution.
Women and young men who were in the forefront, demanded the fall of the regime, getting freedom of freedom, dignity and social justice.
They've shown a courage to be able to face the grandmother's brutal dictatorship.
They've shown a great sense of solidarity from the East East, to the west, to the south.
Finally, after a period of six months of brutal war and some losses of about 50,000 dead, we managed to release our country and defeat the tyranny.
But Gaddafi left a heavy charge, a legacy of tyranny, corruption and seeds of alternative.
For four decades, the thermal regime of Gaddafi destroyed infrastructure, culture and the moral structure of free society.
aware of the devastation and the challenges, I've wanted to, along with many other women, rebuild civil society, demanding an inclusive transition and fair to democracy and national reconciliation.
There were about 200 organizations in Benjamin during, and immediately after the fall of Gaddafi, about 300 in Trinidad.
After a 33-year-old period of exile, I went back to Libya and with a unique enthusiasm, I started organizing workshops about developing capabilities, and leadership skills.
With an incredible group of women, we founded the platform of Women Library for Peace, a movement of women, leaders, very diverse orientation, to advocate for the political autonomy of women and for our risk of equal participation in building democracy and peace.
I found a very difficult environment in the predatory period -- an environment that was increasingly polarized, which is model of selfish and exclusion policies.
Over time, our initiative was approved and successful.
Women won about 17 percent of the National Congress in the first election in 52 years.
However, gradually, the elation of elections and revolution as a whole, were disappearing; every day we found news of violence.
One day we woke up with the news of the professional mosques and graves.
Another day, the news of the American Embassy worker and the consumer attack.
Another day we wake up with the news murder of the official murder of the army.
And every day, every day we wake up with the government of the military and the continuation of human rights violations and their lack of respect of law.
Our society, shaped by a revolutionary mindset, is more polarizing, and has gone away from the ideals and principles of freedom, dignity, social justice, that we had at the beginning.
intolerance, exclusion and revenge became the icons of the consequences of revolution.
I'm not here today at all to inspire them with our history of the success of``creative list"and elections.
Now, I'm here today to confess that we, as a nation, choose wrong, make the wrong decision.
We don't prioritize well.
Because elections didn't bring peace, stability and security to Libya.
The creature list and the alternative between candidates and candidates brought peace and national reconciliation?
No, they didn't.
What happened then?
Why is our society to be polarized and dominated with selfish policies of domination and exclusion, both for men like for women?
Perhaps what was missing weren't just women, but the female values of compassion, mercy and inclusion.
Our society needs the national dialogue and the creation of more than what elections needed, that only reinforced polarization and division.
Our nation needs the qualitative representation of the most likely to need the numerical and quantitative representation of it.
We need to stop acting as agents of outrage and calling a day of anger.
We need to start acting as agents of compassion and mercy.
We need to develop a female speech, which is not just honor, but also put the mercy rather than revenge, collaboration instead of competition, inclusion instead of exclusion.
These are the ideals that a Libya, destroyed by war, desperately needs to reach peace.
Because peace has an algorithm that's about the interaction and the alternative between female perspectives and male.
That's the real crime.
We need to establish that in an existential way before we do it in a political form.
According to a vegetable of the Koran``Salaam"-- the peace --``It's the word of the memory of the memory,``radiation, compassionate . ''
At the time, the word``radio ,"which is known in all of the ambulance traditions, has the same root in Arabic that the word``racism"-- uterus -- self-interested the feminine and maternal, which spans all the humanity that men and women, that all tribes and all people have seeded.
And so, like the uterus completely covers the embryo, which grows inside, the divine matrix of compassion nutrients all existence.
This is what it's like,``My mercy will take all things . ''
That's what it's like,``My mercy predicted about my anger . ''
And that's the grace of the mercy.
Thank you.
I'm here today to talk to you about an unusual question, which has an equally compelling response.
It's about the secrets of domestic violence, and the question I'm going to address is what everybody always does: Why is she left?
Why was anybody going to stay with a man who was beating him?
I'm not a psychiatrist, no social worker, no expert in domestic violence.
I'm just a woman with a story to tell.
I was 22 years old . I had just license at Harvard University.
I had moved to New York for my first work as a writer and editor in severe magazine.
I had my first apartment, my first green card American Express, and I had a very big secret.
My secret was that many, many times, the man, which I created my twin soul, pointed me into my head with a pistol, charged with thin bullets.
The man, which I loved more than anyone in this world, put a pistol in my head and threaten to kill me more than I can remember.
I'm here to tell you the story of``crazy love ,"a psychological trap, a love, where they fall every year millions of women, and even some men.
It could even be his story.
I don't look like a typical survivor of domestic violence.
I'm released in the University of Harvard University and I have a MBA on Market Business School.
I've spent most of my career working for the``Fortune 500 ,"between them Johnson & Johnson, Leo Burke and The Washington Post.
I'm about 20 years old with my second husband, and we have three children.
My dog is a black maze, and I drive a mineral Honey Onegame.
So my first message for you is that domestic violence can happen to anyone, all races, all religion, all levels of kidney and education.
It's everywhere.
And my second message is that everybody thinks that domestic violence happens to women, which is a women's problem.
Not exactly.
More than 85 percent of the machines are men, and the domestic abuse only happens in intimate relationships, interdependent and long duration or, say otherwise, in families, the last place where we want to find, or to find violence, for which, the domestic abuse is so puzzling.
I would have told you that it would be the last person in the world that would stay with a man who would stick him, and I actually was a very typical victim because of my age.
I was 22, and in the United States, women in between 16 and 24 years are three times more likely to be victims of domestic violence than the other ages, and over 500 women and girls of that age are killed every year by couples, boyfriend and abusive husbands in the United States.
I also was a typical victim because I didn't know anything about domestic violence, their warning signals or their patterns.
I met Congo in a cold and rain night.
I was sitting on my side in New York subway, and started running with me.
He told me two things.
The first one was that he had also been released from a university of the Ice Legacy, and he was working on a very important bank of Wall Street.
But what struck me most in that first encounter was that it was ready and fun, and it seemed like a guy in the field.
I had big strokes like apples, and a run surround, and it seemed so sweet.
One of the smartest things that Connectice did, from the beginning, was to create the illusion that I was the dominant component of the partner.
He did it especially at the beginning putting on a pedestal.
We started coming out, and I loved everything about me: I was ready, that I had gone to Harvard, who put a passion to help teenage girls, and my job.
I wanted to know everything about my family, my childhood, my dreams and illusions.
Congo believed in me, as a writer and as a woman, as no one had ever done.
And that's why the literature in that prestigious school and work on Wall Street and his bright future had so much important for him.
I didn't know that the first phase in any relationship of domestic violence is to shrink and spell the victim.
And I didn't know that the second step is to isolate it.
Now, the last thing I wanted to do was to go from New York and leave my dreams of dreams, but I thought I had to do sacrifices for your partner, so I accepted, I quit my job and Congo and I went together with Manhattan.
I had no idea that I was falling in a``love love ,"which was entering a head in a physical, financial and psychological trap.
The next step in the domestic violence pattern is to introduce the threat of violence to see how it reacts.
And here's where those pictures come in.
So, how much we moved to New England, you know, that site where Congo was supposed to be so sure bought.
One was in the glove of the car.
Another guy underneath the pillow in our bed and the third always in his pocket.
And he said that I needed those pictures because of the trauma that lived from small.
I needed them to feel safe.
But those guys actually were a message for me and, although I had never raised my hand, my life was already in danger, every minute in every day.
The first physical attack in Congo happened five days before our wedding.
It was seven in the morning, and I still had the shirt.
Five days later, when the 10 bruises of my neck had disappeared, I got my mother's girlfriend and married me.
Despite what had happened, I was sure we were going to live happily forever, because I loved him and he also wanted me to.
And I was very, very unexpected.
It had just been very overwhelmed by the wedding and the fact to form a family with me.
I had been an isolated accident, and I would never have damage.
I spent twice more in our honey moon.
The first time I was driving into a secret beach, and I lost, and he gave me so strong in my head that I stole several times against the window of the car.
And then, a couple of days later, driving back from our honey moon, he was grabbed by the traffic and he threw a Big Mac cold to the face.
Now, Congo kept going on for one or twice a week for the next two and a half years of our marriage.
I was wrong when I thought it was the only one in this situation.
One out of three American women is a victim of domestic violence or bullying at some point in their life, and the Centers of Disease Control, which every year 15 million children are battered , 15 million.
So, actually, I had very good company.
Back to my question, why did I stay?
The answer is simple.
I didn't know that he was abusing me.
Instead, I was a very strong woman, love with a deeply trained man, and it was the only person in the world who could help Congo face his demons.
The other question everybody is doing is, why don't you just move?
Why didn't I go? I could have been at any time.
For me, this is the saddest and painful question that people do, because we, the victims, we know something that you normally ignore: it's incredibly dangerous to abandon a machine.
Because the last phase in the domestic violence pattern is killing it.
More than 70 percent of the killings in the cases of domestic violence happen after the victim has put the relationship to the relationship, after it's going, because then the abusive has nothing to lose.
Other repercussions include permanent harassment, even after the abuse has become married, management of financial resources, and manipulation of the family's judicial system to defeat the victim and their children, who are usually forced by judges to spend time, not supported with the man who was beating his mother.
And yet we continue to ask why don't you just go?
I was able to go to me, because of a last little palace that came out of my denial.
I realized that the man who loved so much, I would have killed if he had allowed him.
So I broke the silence.
I told everybody: police, my neighbors, my friends and family, to complete strangers, and I'm here today because all of you helped me.
We have the tendency to stereotypes the victims as superintelligent headlines, self-destructive women, damaged goods.
The question,``Why are you left? ''
For some people, it's a way to say,``guilt is your duty for staying ,"as if the victims we choose to be intuitively fall in love with men who want to destroy us.
But since I published``Loop Love ,"I've heard hundreds of stories of men and women who were also scanning, who learned an endless lesson of what happened to them and recognized their lives and happy lives like employees, wives and mothers, completely free lives of violence, like mine.
Because it turns out that I'm actually a victim and a very typical domestic violence survivor.
I was married with a tender and nice man, and we have those three children.
I have that black lab and also that mineral.
Which is not going to be more, ever, it's a capitalized gun pointing my head in the hands of someone who says I want to.
Right now, they're thinking,``Hey, that's fascinating!"or``Hey, what silly was ,"but all this time I've actually been talking about you.
I assure you that there are a few people who are listening to me right now, that they're being abused or they were small or they're abuse themselves.
The male could be affecting his daughter, his sister, his best friend right now.
I was able to end my crazy particular love by breaking the silence.
And I keep doing it today.
It's my way to help other victims, and it's my last request to you.
Talk about what you've heard here.
The abuse thrive only on silence.
They have the power to end the domestic violence just by shedding light on it.
The victims need everybody.
We need each of you to understand the secrets of domestic violence.
Take the malaria to light talking about it with your children, your coworkers, your friends and family.
They replicate their vision of survivors as fantastic and lovely people, who have a full future.
They recognize the early signs of violence to consciously intervene, to slow down their climb and show the victims a safe output.
Together we can convert our beds, our tables and our families in the safe and peaceful oceans that should be.
Thank you.
Hello . I call it Cameron Russell, and for a while, I am model.
To be precise, for 10 years.
And I feel that at this point, there's an awkward tension in the room because I shouldn't have dressed this way.
This is the first clothes change on a TED stage, so you have a lot of luck to present it, I think.
If some of the women were horrified when they appeared, they don't have to tell me now, but I'll find it later on Twitter.
I also want to point out that I have the privilege of being able to change what you think about me in just 10 seconds.
Not everybody has that opportunity.
These heels are very uncomfortable -- less bad than I don't have to use them.
The worst part is to pass this sweater through your head, because it's when you're going to laugh from me, so you don't do anything while I cover your head.
All right.
Why have I done this?
It's been embarrassing.
Well, I hope not as much as this picture.
The appearance is powerful, but also superficial.
I've completely changed what they thought about me in six seconds.
And in this picture, I had never had a boyfriend in real life.
I was totally uncomfortable, and the photographer said to me that I would grab the back, and I would hit the hair of the child.
Of course, except with surgery or an artificial tan like the one that I made two days ago for work, there's very little that we can do to transform our aspect, which, although the superficial and unchanging, has a huge impact in our lives.
So today, to me, being a brave means being honest.
I'm on this stage because I'm a model.
Because I'm a nice and white woman, and in my work sector, that's a sexy girl.
I'm going to answer the questions that people always make me, but in a sense.
The first question is, how is it going to be model?
And I always say,``A characters found me, but that doesn't mean anything.
The real reason I got model is because I won the genetic lottery, and I'm the benefit of a heritage, and maybe you're wondering what this heritage is.
Well, in the last few centuries, we haven't only defined beauty as health, youth and symmetry, which we are biologically programmed to admire, we have also associated it at a high and thin shape, to female and white skin.
And that's my heritage, heritage that I've known to tap to make money.
And I know there are people in the audience who now shows skeptical, and maybe there are some of the fashion lovers that say -- wait . There are Namibia, Ted, Joan Silicon, Liu Wn.
First of all, the happy to know so much of models . It's amazing.
But sadly, I have to report that in 2007, a Ph.D. student at New York City told each and every one of the models in the runway, and from the 177-year-old, only 27, is to say, less than four percent, not white.
The next question that people always ask me is: Can you be model when it's bigger?
And my first answer is: I don't know, I don't care about that.
But then, what I really would tell each of these girls is, why? You can be what you want.
You can be president of the United States, or the inventor of the next Internet, or a completely non-state surgeon, which would be awesome, because you would be the first one.
If after this spectacular list, you still insist, no, no, Cameron, I want to be model, then I say,``I know my boss . ''
Because I'm not in charge of anything, and you could be the chief chief of the American Voice magazine or the CEO of H & M, or the next Steven Mexico.
To say that more you want to be model is like saying you want to win the lottery when you're older.
It's out of your control, it's amazing, and it's not a job you can choose.
I'm going to show you all that I learned in 10 years as a model, because unlike cardiovascular surgery, you can summarize right now.
I don't know what happened there.
Sadly, once you've done your studies, and you have a rsum and a few jobs to your backs, no matter what you say, that is, if you say you want to be president of the United States, but your rsum said,``underwear model for 10 years, people would look at you weird . ''
The next question that people always do is, if all of the photos are broken.
And yes, they're practically relaxed all the photos, but that's just a little part of what happens.
This was the first picture that took me, and also the first time I used a Bible, and I didn't even have my period.
I know we're entering the personal ground, but it was a girl.
That's what I looked like next to my grandmother a few months before.
These two pictures are the same day.
My friend came with me.
Here I am at a page party a few days before the French Progress.
So here I am with my football team, and I'm in the magazine.
And this is me today.
And I hope you realize that I'm not me in those pictures.
They are creatures from a group of professionals, pencils, makeup, photographers and statesmen, and all their assistant and people in front and passion, and they can create this . That's not me.
Well, the next question that people always do is, do you get free things?
I have too many 200-year-old heels and I never use, except the previous couple, but the privilege I get are the ones that I get in real life, and that we don't like to talk about.
I grew up in Cambridge, and I once went to a store, and I forgot to take money, and they gave me the free dress.
When I was a teenager, I traveled with my friend who was a conductor, and a red sign came out in red, and of course, they stopped us, and I got a feeling, agent to keep driving.
I enjoy these privilege for me, not for what I am, and there are people who are paying a price for them without matter who they are.
I live in New York, and last year, of the 14,000 teenagers that were stopped and recorded , 86 percent were black and Latino, and most of them were young men.
And there are only 177 black and Latino young people in New York, so for them, isn't a question to me?
But how many times I'll stop? And when?
By research for this talk, I found out that 53 percent of girls in the United States don't like their body, and that number goes down to 78 to 17.
So, the last question that people do is, what is the life of a model?
And I think the answer that you expect is: If you're a little bit thinner and you have the brightest hair, you will feel very happy and great.
And behind the cameras, we give an answer that maybe it looks like this.
We say, it's really wonderful to travel, and also incredible to work with creative, resourceful and passionate people.
And that's true, but it's just a part of what happens, because what we never say in front of the cameras, what I've never said in front of them is: I'm insecure.
And I'm because I have to worry about me every day.
And if you ever wondered: With some more thin legs and the brightest hair, will be happier?
They only have to come together with a group of models, because they have the most thin legs, the brightest hair and the clothes more to fashion, but probably are the most insecure women on the planet.
But especially it was hard to analyze a situation of racial and gender oppression when I'm one of the biggest benefits.
If there's something to come from this talk, I hope you all feel more comfortable by recognizing the power of the image in the perception that we have from success and failure.
Thank you.
The photograph has been my passion since I was older enough to hold a camera, but today I want to share with you my 15 more precious pictures, and I wasn't me who took them.
There were no artistic directors, no status, no opportunity to repeat photos, not even a minimum care in lighting.
In fact, most of them took random tourists.
My story begins when, finding in New York City to give a position, my wife took me this picture holding my daughter on his first birthday . That's the 57 and five.
He gave the chance that we went back to New York just a year later, so we decided to take the same picture.
Well, you can imagine what comes right now.
When the third birthday of my daughter was approached, my wife said to me,``Why don't you get you to meet New York on a Jewish trip and you put the ritual? ''
This is when we started to ask the tourists that were going to take us out of the picture.
It's amazing that the gesture of delivering the camera to a completely unknown is so universal.
No one has been denied, and fortunately, no one has ever heard of the camera.
And then, we weren't aware of how much life this journey would change.
It became sacred for us.
This picture is a few weeks after 9/11, and I had to explain to my daughter what had happened that day that a five-year-old girl could understand it.
These pictures are much more than representations of a concrete moment or a specific journey.
They're also a way to stop time in a week of October and to make us rethink about our age and our evolution over the years, and not only at the physical level, but in all senses.
Because, although we always take the same picture, our life changes, my daughter reaches new milestone, and I can see the life through its eyes and how it perceives and interacts with everything.
That time in concrete that we spend together is something that we expect with illusion all year.
Recently, in one of the trips, we were walking, when suddenly, he stopped in dry and pointed a red red of the wrist store that he pulled away from small in previous visits.
And he described me what I had felt at five years of foot in that same place.
I thought he would remember his heart to be able to see that place for the first time nine years ago.
And now what I look at in New York are universities, because it's decided to study in New York.
And suddenly I understood that one of the most important things we created is memories.
So, I want to share the idea of engaging actively in conscious memories.
I don't know you, but besides these 15 photos, I don't go out in many of the family photos.
I'm always the one who takes the picture.
Today, I want to encourage you all to appear in the picture, and you don't have to go to someone and ask: Do you take a picture?
Thank you.
I'd like to talk to you about a very special group of animals.
There are 10,000 species of birds in the world.
The books are in the most threatened birds.
First of all, why do they have so bad press?
It has also been associated with Disney laughs as characters, silly, stupid characters.
More recently, if you've been following the Kenyan press press, and applause, and these are the attributes that associate with the Kenyan Parliament, but I don't accept it.
I don't accept it . You know why?
Because the Parliament members don't clean the environment . The parliament doesn't help prevent disease spread.
It's hardly monogamous . They're far off . And, my favorite, the books have better presence . There are two kinds of books on this planet.
There are the New World drivers who are primarily in America, like the centers and the cards, and the Old World born, where we have 16 species . From these 16 , 11 face a high risk of extinction.
So, why are the barriers important? First of all, provide vital ecological services . Clean.
These are our natural garbage collectors.
They clean the cadavers up to the bone.
They help kill all the bacteria . They help absorb the anthrax that they're not going to be for them, and they would cause large losses of livestock and disease in other animals.
Recent studies have shown that in areas where there are no bubbles, the carcasses take three to four times more time to decompose, and this has huge ramifications in disease spread.
Butterflies also have huge historical importance.
They've been associated with ancient Egyptian culture.
Newton was the symbol of the protection and the material and, along with the cobra, they symbolizes the unit between the High and the United Egypt.
In Indian mythology, Jabbar was the book god, and he risked his life to save the Silk goddess of the 10 Kavia head devil.
In the Tibetan culture, you do a lot of very important skin leaders . In places like Tibet, there's no place to bury the dead, or wood to create them, so these guys provide a natural disposal system.
What is the problem with the booms?
We have eight species of books in Kenya, which six are in extreme threats of extinction.
The reason is that they're being poisoned, and the reason they're being poisoned is because there are conflict between humans and wildlife . Patricity communities use this poison against predators, and as a consequence, the bugs are victims of this.
In southern Asia, in countries like India and Pakistan, four species of bored are on the critical list of endangered danger, which means that in less than 10 or 15 years will be extinct, and the reason is because they fall prey from the livestock consumption that has been treated with an analog drug like Dicture.
This drug has been banned for veterinary use in India and has taken a position.
Since there's no walls, there's been a spread in the number of street dogs in landfill, and when you have street dogs, you have a huge time bomb for rage . The number of case cases has increased enormously in India.
Kenya is going to have one of the largest wind farms in Africa : 350 adversity are going to be up to Lake Turkana.
I'm not against wind energy, but we have to work with governments, because the wind turbines do this to birds . They cut them in half.
They're birds of birds.
In West Africa, there's a horrible trade of dead barriers to serve the bubble and the federal market.
So what is it doing? Well, we're researching these birds . We're putting them transcendent.
We're trying to determine their basic ecology, and see where they go.
We can see that travel by different countries, so focusing on a local problem is not going to be.
We have to work with governments in regional levels.
We're working with local communities.
We're talking to them about appreciating the walls, about the need to appreciate these wonderful creatures and services that they provide.
How can you help? It can become assets, make noise . You can write a letter to your government and tell you we have to focus on these very engaged creatures, to donate their time to spread the word . spreading the word.
When you go out of this room, you'll be informed on the walls, but you talk to your families, with your children, with your neighbors on the walls.
They're very elegant . Charles Darwin said it changed, because he saw them fly without effort, no expense of energy in the heavens.
Kenya, this world, will be much more poor without these wonderful species.
Thank you very much.
Every thing I do and everything I do professionally -- my life -- it's been shaped for seven years of work during my youth in Africa.
Since 1971, up to 1977, I'm doing young, but I'm no longer . I worked in Zambia, Kenya, Ivory Coast, Algeria and Somalia, in technical cooperation projects with African countries.
I worked for an Italian NGO, and every project we set out in Africa failed.
And I was disturbed.
I thought, at the 21st, that Italians were good people, and we were doing a good job in Africa.
And rather than that, everything we did is we announced it.
Our first project, which inspired my first book,``waves of the Zambia ,"was a project where we decided to teach people in Zambia to grow food.
So, we came up with Italian seeds south of Zambia to this absolutely magnificent valley that descends into the Zambia River, and teach local tomatoes to grow Italian tomatoes and streets, and ...
Of course, people weren't at all interested in doing that, so we paid them to come to work, and sometimes, they didn't fit . We were astonished that local, in so fertile, would not have had agriculture.
However, instead of asking you how it was possible that they didn't grow anything, we just said,``Thank God we're here ."`` Just to save people from Zambia in famine . ''
And of course, everything in Africa became beautifully grown.
We got these magnificent tomatoes . In Italy, a tomato would grow this size . In Zambia, at this size.
And we couldn't believe that, we were telling the mathematicians,``Look how easy agriculture is . ''
When the tomatoes were nice, mature and red, overnight, about 200 hypotheses came up from the river and ate everything . And we said to the genetics,``Oh my God, we hippopotamus!
And the mathematicians said,``Yes, that's why we don't have agriculture here ."`` Why didn't you say it?"`` You . I never asked . ''
I thought that only we Italians made mistakes in Africa, but then, I saw what Americans did, what the English did, what the French did, and after seeing what they were doing, I was pretty proud of our project in Zambia.
Because, as you see, at least we feed the hippopotamus.
You've got to see the waste -- you should see the waste that we give to the trusted people in Africa.
He wants to read a book, read``Dead Heide"by Damaru, general economist.
The book was published in 2009.
We, Western donors, we've delivered the African continent two million dollars in the last 50 years.
I won't tell you about the damage that that money has caused.
Just read your book.
Take it from part of an African woman, the damage we've done.
Westerners are imperative, colonialist missions, and we treat people just in two ways: or we sponsor them, or we're pathogens.
The two words come from the Latin root``kick ,"which means``father . ''
However, they mean two different things.
Patrick, I try to deal with any different culture as if they were my kids . I want you a lot . ''
Patrick, I try all of a different culture as if it's my servants.
So the white in Africa are called``Babylon ,"boss.
That book gave me a slap in the face .``The small thing is beautiful ,"written by Smahh, who said, above all economic development, if people don't want to be helped, alone.
This should be the first principle of aid.
The first principle of aid is respect.
This morning, the gentleman who opened this conference put a cane on the ground and said,``Can you -- can you imagine a city that is not harmful? ''
I decided at 27 years only to respond to people, and I invented a system called Company Facebook where you have never started anything, you will never motivate anybody, but it becomes a service of the local passion, the service of local people who have the dream of becoming a better person.
So what do you do? You shut out.
It never comes to a community with an idea, and it sits with the people of locality.
We don't work from offices.
We met in a coffee . We met in a bar.
We have zero infrastructure.
And what do we do? We become friends, and we figure out what the person wants to do.
The most important thing is passion.
You can give somebody an idea.
If that person doesn't want to do that, what are you going to do?
The passion that she has for his own growth is the most important thing.
The passion that that man has for his own personal growth is the most important thing.
And then, we help them find knowledge, because nobody in the world can succeed alone.
The person with the idea may not have the knowledge, but knowledge is available.
So years and years ago, I had this idea: Why not us, for once instead of getting to a community to tell people what to do, why not, for once, do we listen to them? But not in community meetings.
I'll tell you a secret.
There's a problem with community meetings.
Entrepreneurs never attend, and they'll never tell you, in a public meeting, what you want to do with your own money, what opportunity you've identified.
So planning has this blind point.
The smartest people in their community, you don't even know them, because they don't attend their public meetings.
What do we do? We work on one, and we work face-to-face, you have to create a social infrastructure, which doesn't exist.
You must create a new profession.
The profession is the family's family doctor, the business family of the business, which is established with you at home, at the table of your kitchen, in coffee, and helps you find the resources to transform your passion in a way of winning your life.
I started this as a test in Spain, Western Australia.
I was doing a Ph.D. at that time, trying to get away from this clinical garbage that we came to tell you what to do.
In a year, I had 27 projects in the march, and the government came to me to say,``How can you do that?
How can you do it?"and I said,``I did something very, very, very difficult.
I fell down and I listened . And then the government says,``Hell again ."We've done it in 300 communities in the world.
We've helped to start 40,000 business.
There's a new generation of entrepreneurs that are dying of loneliness.
Peter Drug, one of the most great entrepreneurial advisers in history, passed at 96, a few years ago.
Peter Drogo was a philosophy professor before he got involved in business, and this is what Peter Drawback says,``planning is actually incompatible with a society and an innovative company . ''
planning is the kiss of the death of the corporate spirit.
So now you're rebuilding Christopher without knowing what the most attractive people in Christchurch want to do with their own money and their own energy.
You have to learn to get these people to come up with you.
You have to offer them trust, privacy, it has to be fantastic to help them, and then they'll get up, they'll come in mass.
In a community of 10,000 people, we get 200 customers.
Can you imagine a community of 400,000 people, intelligence and passion?
What do you present . Have you clap more this morning?
Local people who are passionate . That's what you've applaud.
So what I'm telling you is that the entrepreneurial spirit is where it is.
We're at the end of the first Industrial Revolution, not renewable fossil fuels, manufacturing -- and one moment to another, we have systems that are not sustainable.
The internal combustion engine is not sustainable.
They open up as a way of holding machinery is not sustainable.
What we need to consider, is how we nurture, we cure, we educate, we communicate, we communicate seven billion people in a sustainable way.
There are no technologies to do it.
Who's going to invent technology for green revolution? universities? Forget it!
The government? Forget it!
It will be entrepreneurs and they're doing it now.
There's a remarkable story that I read in a future magazine many, many years ago.
There was a group of experts that were invited to debate the future of New York City in the year 1860.
And in the year 1800, this group of people came together, and they speculate about what would happen to New York City in 100 years, and the conclusion was common: the city of New York would not exist within 100 years.
Why? Because they analyzed the curve and they set up, if the population is growing up to this rate, to bring the population in New York across the surroundings, they would require six million horses, and the manure produced for six million horses would be impossible to address.
They were already going into dung . So, in 1860, they were splitting this dirty technology that was going to orbit New York's life.
So what happens? Over the next 40 years, in the United States, in the United States, there were 100,000 automotive manufacturing companies.
The idea of finding a different technology was absolutely absorbed, and there were very few, spaces, factories in advanced places.
Defeated, Michigan . Henry Ford.
However, there's a secret to work with entrepreneurs.
First, you have to offer them confidence.
Otherwise, they won't come to conversation with you.
Then you have to offer you an absolute, dedicated, enthusiastic service.
And, subsequently, you will have to tell you the truth about starting.
The smallest company, the biggest company, has to be able to do three things, and the product you want to sell has to be fantastic, you have to count a fantastic marketing, and you have to count a great financial administration.
Guess what?
We've never met a single human being in the world that can do, sell and look for money alone.
It doesn't exist.
This is still not born.
We've looked at the 100 companies of the Carnegie world, Weistarine, Edison, Ford, all new companies, Google, Yahoo.
There's only one thing that all successful companies in the world have in common, just one: None was started by one person.
Never the word``me ,"but the word``us ,"32 times.
He wasn't alone when he started.
Nobody begins a company alone . Nobody.
So, we can create the community where we have facilitators, who come from an environment of small businesses sitting in cafes, in bars alongside their dedicated cartoons who are going to do for you, what someone did for this gentleman who's talking about this puzzle, someone who's going to ask you, what do you need?
What can you do? Can you do it?
OK, can you sell? Can you look for money? ''
\" Oh, no, I can't do that ."`` Would you like to look for someone? ''
We activate communities.
Thank you.
Those around us can help us in many ways to improve our lives.
We don't know all the neighbors, so we don't really exchange a lot of knowledge despite sharing the same public spaces.
In the last few years, I tried to share more with my neighbors in public space, with simple tools like self-responsibility, plants and chalk.
These projects came out of questions like, how much do my neighbors pay for their apartments?
How can we push and ask more things without calling the door in a bad moment?
How do you share more memories of our abandoned buildings and understand our landscape better?
How do we share our hopes more than empty stores so that our communities can reflect our needs and dreams?
I live in New Orleans and I'm in love with New Orleans.
My soul always finds relief with the giant oak robots that give shadows to lovers, drunk and dreamer for centuries and trust in a city.
It's always giving to music . There's a parade in New Orleans . The city has one of the most beautiful architecture in the world, but also one with the largest number of abandoned properties in America.
I live near this house and I thought how I could turn it into a more enjoyable space for the neighborhood and also something that changed my life forever.
In 2009, I lost someone who loved a lot.
It was Joan, like a mother for me.
His death was sudden and unexpected.
I thought a lot about death.
And this made me deep gratitude for the living time.
It gave it clarity to the significant things of my life.
But it's great to keep this look at my everyday life.
It seems to me that it's easy to let the day and forget really important for one.
So with the help of old and new friends, transformed the wall of this abandoned house on a giant blackboard and painted on her phrases to complete,``Before I die I want...''
So the transportation could take a chalk, reflect on their lives and share personal aspirations in public space.
I didn't know what to wait from this experiment, but the next day, the wall was back and forth.
And I'd like to share some things that people wrote on the wall.
\" Before I die, I want to be judged by piracy ."`` Before I die, I want to sit down on the date line line . ''
\" Before I die, I want to sing for millions of people . ''
\" Before I die, I want to plant a tree . ''
\" Before I die, I want to live outside the network . ''
\" Before I die, I want to hug it again . ''
\" Before I die, I want to go to someone's rescue . ''
\" Before I die, I want to be completely myself . ''
This abandoned space became constructive, and the dreams and hope of people, and people were making me laugh, they hate me, and they gave me a hard moment.
It's about knowing that you're not alone . It's about understanding our neighbors in new ways and scanned ways, it's about giving care to reflection and contemplation, and to remember what's most important for us as we grow and change.
This happened last year, and I started getting hundreds of messages from passionate people who wanted to make a wall in their community.
So with my colleagues in the civic center, we made a kit, and they've now been killed in countries around the world, like Kazakhstan, South Africa, Australia, Argentina and beyond.
Together we demonstrate the power of our public spaces if they give us the opportunity to express and share each other.
Two of the most valuable things we have is time and our relationships with other people.
In our age of disconnect distractions, it's more important than ever, to find ways to conserve perspective and remember that life is brief and delicate.
Death is something that we often have to talk about, or even think, but I understood that to prepare for death is one of those things that make us more power.
Think of the death of the death of our life.
Our shared spaces can reflect better than individuals and as a community and with more media to share hope, fears and stories, people around us not only can help improve places, can help improve our lives.
Thank you.
Thank you.
I have a single request today.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Now I'd like to introduce you to my siblings.
It's 22 years old, and it's high and very good-looking.
It doesn't speak, but it makes joy better than some of the best speakers.
And laughing knows what love is.
And it's increasingly sharing what happens.
It's not anxious . I don't look at the color of the skin.
You don't care the religious differences and look at this: Never lied.
When I sing our childhood songs, trying to provide words that I can't even remind me, I remember one thing: how little we know about mind and how wonderful it should be.
Samuel is 16 . It's high . It's very handsome.
It has the most unthinkable memory.
However, it's a selective memory.
I don't remember if I stole my chocolate, but I remember the year that I came out every single songs in my iPod, conversations that we kept when I was four years old, I'll be standing in my arm during the first episode of the Telecoms and the birthday of Lady Gaga.
Don't you really think?
But most people disagree.
And in fact, because their minds don't adjust to the concept of society, they are often ignored and engaged.
But what I moved to my heart and lucky my soul was that even if that was the case, even though they didn't consider them within the ordinary, that could only mean one thing: they were extraordinary -- autistic and extraordinary.
Now, for those least familiar with the term``autism ,"is a complex brain disorder affecting social communication, learning and sometimes physical skills.
In each individual, it's manifest in a different way, from there that rowing is so different to Sam.
And all over the world, every 20 minutes, a new case of autism is diagnosed, and although it's one of the disorders of the fastest development in the world, there's no cause, no known cure.
I don't remember my first encounter with autism, but I don't remember one day without it.
I was only three years when my brother came to the world, and I was very excited to have a new being in my life.
When they spent a few months, I realized that he was different.
I was a lot.
I didn't want to play like the other babies, and in fact, it didn't seem very interested in me at all.
He was alive, and he went back in his own world, with his own rules, and he found pleasure on the smallest things, like putting the cars in row around the room, looking at the washing machine and eating anything that would have between media.
As I grew up, it became more different, and the differences became more obvious.
But beyond the bees, the frustration and the endless hyperactivity, there was something really unique: a pure and innocent nature, a child who saw the world without prejudice, a human being that I had never lied.
Extraordinary.
I can't deny that there have been some hard moments in my family, moments that I would have wish that they were just like me.
But I look back at things that have taught me about individuality, communication and love, and I realize that they're things that I wouldn't want to change for normal.
The normal goes through the beauty that give us the differences and the fact of being different doesn't mean that some of them are wrong.
It just means that there's a different view of what is right.
If I could convey one thing to Rome and Sam and you, it would be that you don't have to be normal.
They can be extraordinary.
Because, autistic or not, the differences that we have -- they're a gift! Each of us has a gift inside and, honestly, the pursuit of normality is the ultimate sacrifice of the potential.
The opportunity for big, progress and change die at the time where we try to be like others.
Please don't tell me that I'm normal.
Thank you.
Five years ago, I experienced a little bit of what has been to be Alice in the country of wonders.
Penn State asked me, a communications teacher, who gave a communication class to students.
I was scared . I was scared of these students with their big minds, their big books and their unknown words.
But by developing those conversations, I felt what Alice had to have felt when she fell through the rabbit hole and saw the door of a new world.
I just felt when I had these conversations with students, and I was surprised the ideas they had, and I wanted others to experience this wonderful world.
And I think the key to open that door is a great communication.
We desperately need a great communication of our scientists and engineers in order to change the world.
Our scientists and engineers are the ones that are attacking our larger challenges, from energy to the environment and care of health, among others, and if we don't know about this, the work is not done, and I think it's our responsibility as not scientists to have these interactions.
But these big conversations cannot happen if our scientists and engineers don't invite us to see their wonderful world.
So scientists and engineers, please welcome them with simplicity.
I want to share some suggestions about how you can make sure that your science is sexy and your engineering is attractive.
First question to answer us, and then what?
Tell me why science is relevant to us.
They don't just tell us that they study the tracks, but they study the tracks, which are the mesh structure of our bones because it's important to understand and treat osteoporosis.
And when you're describing your science, you care about jargon.
jargon is an obstacle for our understanding of their ideas.
Sure, you can say``space and temporary ,"but why don't you say``space and time ,"which is much more accessible to us?
To make them accessible is not the same thing to make them dumb.
Instead, as Einstein said, it's as simple as possible, but not simple.
They can clearly communicate their science without compromise.
One thing to consider is to use examples, stories and analogies, and they're ways to reconcile and engage with their content.
And when you present your job, forget from the signs of``bullet . ''
They asked why they call``bullets"? What do the bullets do? The bullets kill, and they will kill their presentation.
A film like this is not only boring, but it's supported too much in the language area of our brain and overwhelmed us.
Instead, this example of Gene Brown is much more effective . It shows that the special structure of the workers is so strong that it really inspired the unique design of the Eiffel Tower.
The trick here is to use a simple, legitimate phrase, which the public can understand if you lose a little bit, and then provide graphics that apply to our other senses and create a deeper sense of understanding what you describe.
I think these are just some key ones that can help others open the door and see the country of wonders that are science and engineering.
And so scientists and engineers, when you've solved this equation, for all media, talk to you with simplicity . Thank you.
One of my favorite words all over the Oxford English Dictionary is``self-responsible . ''
Just because it sounds very well.
It means``standard policy . ''
Although there was a periodic editor of the 19th century that defined it much better when he said,``A standard standard is that you're looking for a public charge without matter, platform or principle, and that, when you win, you get it for the mere use of a monumental button . ''
I have no idea what it means``resolution . ''
Something to do with words, I guess.
It's very important that words are the base in politics, and that all politicians know they have to try to dominate language.
It wasn't until, for example , 1776 that the British Parliament allowed newspapers to quote the exact words that were told in the parliament chamber.
And all of this was because of the bravery of a guy with the name of Brazil Crimer, who faced the Parliament.
They got on the London Tower and they were incarcerated, but he had enough courage to face them, and at the end he had such popular support in London that won.
And just a few years later, we had the first recorded use of the phrase,``sort of like metal . ''
Most people think it's literal.
It's not . It's for a advocate of freedom of expression.
But to really show you how words and politics interact, I want you to come back to America, right after independence.
So, they had to address the question of how to call George Washington, his leader.
They didn't know.
How do you call the leader of a Republican country?
This was broken in Congress for a long time.
All kinds of suggestions were presented that could have failed.
Some of you wanted to call it``Jeff of State Washington ,"others,``The Alternate George Washington ,"and other``Defense of American People in America . ''
Not very attractive.
Some just wanted to call it``King . ''
They thought it was a quality of quality.
And even with that were minoritions, they had the idea that you could be elected King for a certain deadline.
And it could have served.
Everyone is immensely tired, because this debate was programmed for three weeks.
I read the newspaper of a poor Senator, and I always wrote,``Still with this subject . ''
What caused the delay, and the case was that the House of Representatives was against the Senate.
The House of Representatives didn't want Washington to forget power.
They didn't want to call him King for whether he gave him or his own ideas.
So, they wanted to give it the most modest, more insignificant, more unfortunate title that was happening.
And that title was``President . ''
President . They didn't invent the title . There was already before, but it just meant,``someone who cares a meeting . ''
It was like the president of a jury.
And I didn't have much more great than the term``foreman"or``supervisor . ''
There were the events of small colonial trends and government failures, but it was really an insignificant title.
And so the Senate is opposed.
They said,``It's ridiculous, we can't call it President . ''
\" This guy has to sign treaties and meet with foreign diagnostics . ''
\" And who will take it seriously with such ridiculous and insignificant title as the U.S. President? ''
And finally, after three weeks of debate, the Senate didn't stop.
We can learn three interesting things about this.
First of all, and this is my favorite to where I've been able to find out, the Senate has never reported the title of President.
President Barack Obama is lucky to follow there, waiting for the Senate to be in action.
The second thing that we can learn is that when a government says it's temporary, it's possible that we continue to wait 22 more years.
But the third thing we can learn, and this is the most important thing, and with this, I want to leave you, is that the U.S. President title doesn't sound at all today, right?
Especially if you have more than 5,000 nuclear heads, the largest economy in the world and a fleet of aerial vehicles and so on.
The reality and the story have dropped the gravitational title.
So, the end won the Senate.
They got their responsibility title.
And also the other concern of the Senate, the appearance of uniqueness -- well, it was a singularity by then.
But you know how many nations are now president?
And it all because they want to sound like the kind of 5,000 nuclear heads, etc.
So, at the end the Senate won and the House of Representatives lost, because no one is going to feel humble when they tell you that they're now the President of America.
And I think that's the great lesson we can learn, and I'd like to leave you.
politicians try to choose and use the words to shape and control reality, but actually, the reality changes much more than the words than they might change reality.
Thank you very much.
I'm 45 feet underground in an illegal mine in Ghana.
The air is charged of heat and dust, and it's hard to breathe.
I feel the rock of sweat bodies in the dark, but I can't see much more.
I hear voices that talk, but most of all, that cacophony of male men and stones with primitive tools.
Like the other, I've been carrying a cheap little cheap of penicillin light holding your head with this slavery elastic, and I can barely distinguish the branches of the branches that hold the walls of that hole that falls hundreds of meters on Earth.
It restores my hand, and suddenly I remember a miner that I met days before, who lost control and cheaply meters in that pump.
While I talk to you today, these men are deep in that hole risk their lives without paying and reward, and often dying.
I went out of that hole, and I went home, but they might never do it, because they're prey of slavery.
Over the last 28 years, I was documenting native cultures in more than 70 countries, and in 2009, I had the great honor of being the only exhibition in the summit of Vancouver's Peace.
Among all the amazing people I met there I met a profit of Free the Slogete, which is an NGO that's going to eradicate modern slavery.
We started talking about slavery and, really, I started learning about slavery because I knew that existed in the world, but not such a degree.
When we finished talking very bad, I was honestly ashamed to ignore this atrocities of our days and thought, if I don't know, how many people don't know?
I was made a knot the stomach, and weeks later, I flew to Los Angeles to meet the director of the Freedamary, and offer my help.
So, I started my journey to modern slavery.
Interestingly, I had been in many of these sites.
Some, even, considered my second home.
But this time, I will fly the dirty troops.
A conservative calculation says that there are now over 27 million people enslaved in the world.
It's twice the amount of Africans displaced throughout the whole deal of transnational slaves.
150 years ago, the cost of an agricultural slave was about three times the annual salary of an American worker.
The equivalent of about $50,000 today.
However, today you can get to the entire families for generations for number 18 dollars.
Remarkably, slavery generates more than $13 billion per year around the world.
Many have been fooled with false promises of good education and better work to then discover that they're forced to work without pay, under threat of violence and they can't escape.
Today slavery operates in trade: goods produced by slaves have value, but who produce them are disposable.
slavery exists in almost everybody, and yet it's illegal around the world.
In India and Nepal, I met brick furnaces.
This strange and remarkable show was like entering the old Egypt or the hell of Daniel.
immersed in a temperature of 54 degrees, men, women, children, in fact, entire families wrapped into a heavy pack of powder they stack mechanically bricks in their heads, up to 18 at the time, and they bring them from the ordinary furnaces to trucks that are at hundreds of meters.
Devolution by the monkey and the tiredness work quietly, doing this task over and over for 16 hours a day.
There were no pause to eat, not to drink, and the severe deforestation made it quite intentional.
So penguin were the heat and the dust that my camera became too hot to touch and stopped working.
Every 20 minutes I had to run the car to clean the team and make it work with air conditioning to revive it, and sitting there, I thought,``My camera receives a lot better than these people . ''
Back in the oven, I wanted to cry, but the analog who was on my side quickly grabbed me and said,``Lisa, don't do it . Don't do it here . ''
And I was very clearly explained to demonstrate emotions is very dangerous in places like this, not just for me but for them.
I couldn't offer any direct help.
I couldn't give you money, nothing.
I was not a citizen of that country.
I could put them in a worse situation than they were already.
And I had to trust the Slower Store and work within the system for his release and trust that they will get it.
In terms of me, I hope to get home to feel my heart destroyed.
In the Himalayas, I found kids running stones during miles by mountains to trucks that were waiting down.
Those big plants were more heavy than the children who were carrying them and children held them into their heads with houses made of sticks, ropes and rags.
It's hard to present something so overwhelming.
How can we influence something so insidious, but so ubiquitous?
Some of you don't even know that they're slaves -- and they work 16 hours a day without paying because this has been that whole life.
They have nothing to compare.
When these villagers picked up their freedom, the slaves burned out of their homes.
When we hear the word slavery often, we often think of sexual traffic and because of this global awareness, they warned me that it would be hard for me to work with security in this particular business.
In Kathmandu, women had been previously slave.
I was driven by some ancient stairs that were given to this dirty basement, from a flat light.
It wasn't exactly a brothel.
It was rather a restaurant.
Resolved, as you know in the craft, are local for forced prostitution.
They have small, private rooms, where the women's slaves with their girls and children, some of only seven are forced to entertain customers and encourage them to buy more food and alcohol.
Each site is dark and dirty, identified by a number painted in the wall and divided by a biosphere and a curtain.
Workers often suffer sexual abuse by their customers.
From foot in the promise, I remember feeling an ordinary fear fear, and, in that instant, I could barely imagine what it should be to be stuck in that hell.
I just had a room: the stairs where I came in.
There were no hind doors.
There were no good enough windows to climb.
These people don't have school and, because we touch such a difficult subject, it's important to point out that slavery, even sexual traffic, happens around us.
There are hundreds of people who are enslaved in agriculture, in restaurants, in domestic service, and the list can continue.
Recently, the New York Times reported that between 100,000 and 300,000 American children are sold every year as sex slaves.
It happens everywhere, but we don't see it.
textiles are another activity that we often relate to the labor of slave.
I visited Indian villages in which there were very specialized families in the trade of silk.
This is a family portrait.
The tissues of black testing are the father, the testing of blue and red, of their children.
They mix paintings in these big barrels, and they spread silk in the liquid to the elbow, but the torture is toxic.
My performer told me his stories.
\" We don't have freedom ,"they said.
\" We still hope, however, can be able to go out of this house someday and go to another place where we really pay our work . ''
It's estimated that there are more than 4,000 children in the volatile lake, the largest artificial lake in the world.
When we arrived, I went to take a quick look.
I saw what seemed to be a fish family on a ship, two older brothers, some younger children, makes sense, right?
Wrong . They were all slaves.
Kids are separated from their translated families, disappeared and forced to work extinct men in these boats in the lake, despite not knowing to swim.
This kid is eight years old.
When our boat came up, he was shaking; he feared his little canoe was drunk.
I was paralyzed by the fear of falling into the water.
The branches of the drowned trees in the volatile lake often catch networks and children, fatigue and fear, they climb into the water to unleash the branches.
Many people drowned.
Since I remember, it's always been forced to work on lake.
For fear of your love, you're not going to flee and, like the whole life has been treated with cruelty, preferably treat the younger slaves under your command.
I met these guys at five in the morning, when they lifted the last networks, but they had been working from the one.
In the cold and hot night.
And it keeps to point out that these networks weigh over 400 pounds when they're full of fish.
I want to introduce you to Kofi.
Kofi was rescued in a fishing village.
I met him in a shelter where he served the keys of slavery.
Kofi symbolizes the possible.
Who will be because someone decided to make the difference in their life?
Coming down a road in Ghana with partners of Free The Slogeers, a fellow antibiotic partner with his motorcycle suddenly accelerated and shell our car and played the window.
It asked us to follow it through a land path to the rainforest.
At the end of the way, we were looking out of the car, and he asked the driver to come out quickly.
And then he pointed out this sense just visible and said,``This is the path, this is the way . We go . ''
As we started to go down, we remove the edges that blocked the path and after walking about an hour, we found that the path was attached by the recent rains, so I put pictures of photos on my head as we discovered in these waters to the chest.
After two hours of walking, the holy path ended abruptly in a clear, and we had a mass of holes that could fit in a football field, and they were all filled with enslaved workers.
A lot of women had kids tied to their backs, and while they were looking for gold, they walked in poison waters with mercury.
The market is used in the process of extraction.
These miners are enslaved in a pump somewhere in Ghana.
When they came out of the pump, they were packed in their own sweat.
I remember looking at his eyes tired, irritated, because many had been underground for 72 hours.
The pits have up to 90 feet, and these people are carrying heavy bags of stone that will then be transported to another area where they will map the stone so that they can extract the gold.
In the first sight, the site seems to be full of strong and fuzzy men, but if we look closer, we see the margin to work to other less lucky and also children.
These are all victims of injury, disease and violence.
In fact, it's very likely that this muscle ended up like this victim of tuberculosis and poisoning by mercury in a few years.
This is Mandatta . When his father died his father, he took him to work with him in the mines.
By dying his uncle, Manuel inherit the debt of the uncle, which forces it to be slave in mines.
When I met him, I had worked in the mines 14 years, and the lesion of the leg that you see here is a product of an accident in the mine, so severe that doctors said it should be advanced.
In addition to that, manual has tuberculosis, and it's not about that, it's forced to work night and day in that mine.
Still, he dreams with being released and educated with local activists, like Free The Slowers, and it's this kind of determining, from face to a remote possibility, which inspires me a lot of respect.
I want to throw light on slavery.
They knew that their images would be seen by you all over the world.
I wanted you to know that we're going to give them testimony of them and we will do everything possible to help change their lives.
I honestly believe that if we can see each other as human beings, then it's very difficult to tolerate atrocities like slavery.
These images are not magazines . They are people, real people, like you and like me, who deserve the same rights, dignity and respect in their lives.
There's no day that I don't think about these many beautiful, abused people that I've had the great honor of knowing.
I hope that these images wake up a force in who you see them, in people like you, and I hope that that force goes into a fire, and that that fire drives light on slavery because, without that light, the beast of slavery can continue to live in shadows.
Thank you very much.
I do math applied, and there's a peculiar problem for whom it does: we are like management consultants.
Nobody knows what the hell we do.
So today, I'm going to try and tell you what I do.
Dance is one of the most human activities.
They tell us the virtues of the ballet and the clay dancers that we'll see later.
But the ballet demands a degree of extraordinary training, a high level of dexterity and probably certain initial competence that can well have a genetic component.
Sadly, neurological disorders like Parkinson's disease is gradually destroy this extraordinary skill, as it does with my friend Jane Stirling who, in his time, was a virtuous dancer dancer.
In the last few years, a lot of progress has been progress in treatment.
However, there are 2.3 million people in the world who are sick and they have to deal with an incurable, scary weakness and other symptoms of this disease, so we need objective tools to detect disease before it's too late.
We need to be able to measure progress in an objective way, and in definition, the only way we will know if there's really a cure to be when we have an objective and a certainty metric.
But it's frustrating that for Parkinson's and other disorders of movement, there are no biological markers, so they don't serve blood analysis and the best we have is a neurological exam of 20 minutes.
You have to go to a clinic to do it . It's very, very expensive, and that means that, outside of clinical trials, they never do.
And what if patients could do it at home?
That would save a very difficult journey to the clinic . What if patients could do the test themselves?
You wouldn't need personal.
By the way, it costs about 300 dollars in the neurological clinic.
So what I want to show you as a conventional form to try, you see, in a sense at least, we're all virtuous like my friend Jane Stirling.
This is a video of the vibration of the vocal string.
It shows someone healthy as it makes sounds when they talk . We can imagine as dancers from a vocal whale because we have to coordinate all those vocal organs to produce sounds, and we all have the genes necessary . The February, for example.
And like the ballet, it requires an extraordinary training level.
Think about the time it takes a child to learn to speak.
From sound, we can trace the position of vocal strings as vibrate, and as Parkinson affects limbs, it also affects vocal organs.
In the bottom, you can see an example of irregular temperature from vocal strings.
We see the same symptoms.
The shake of vocal, weakness and stiffness.
The speech becomes more quiet and aspire after a while, and this is an example of symptoms.
How do these tests compare based on the voice with specialized clinical trials? Well, they're both not invasive.
The neurological test is not invasive . They both use existing infrastructure.
It's not necessary to design a whole series of hospitals to make them.
They're both accurate . Okay, but in addition based on voice, they're not specialized.
I mean, they can be authoritarian.
They do very quickly, they take about 30 seconds like a lot.
They're a minimum cost, and we all know what happens.
When something takes a cost so low, it goes on a massive scale.
These are some amazing goals ready to address.
We can reduce the logistical difficulties of patients.
I wouldn't have to go to the clinic for the routine check.
With high frequency monitoring, we could get objective data.
We could make massively low cost for clinical trials, and for the first time, factors at the general scale.
We have the opportunity to start looking for the first biomarkers of disease before it's too late.
So, when you give you the first steps in that sense, we're launching the Vockage International Initiative.
And together to Acumen and Petersburg, we want to record lots of voices around the world to collect enough data and start addressing these goals.
We have local lines for about 750 million people in the world.
Anyone, with or without Parkinson, can call low price and leave recordings for a pennies, and I'm pleased to announce that we've already reached six percent of the goal in only eight hours.
Thank you . Tom Rielly: So Max, taking all these samples of, say 10,000 people, will you say who's healthy and who isn't?
What do you get from these samples?
Max Littman: Yeah, yeah . What happens is that during the call you have to indicate whether you have or not the disease . TR: Sure.
MM: You see, some people cannot pass it . You may not end.
But we're going to get a very large sample of data collected in different circumstances, and doing it in different circumstances is important because we're looking to limit confusion factors in looking for the actual markers of disease.
TR: Do you have 86 percent accuracy at this time?
MM: Much more than that.
Actually, my student Tasmania, I have to publish it, has done a fantastic job, and now it has shown that it works on the mobile phone network as well, which brings the project . Now we have a 99 percent accuracy.
TR: Nine and nine . Well, it's an improvement.
MM: Of course.
TR: Thank you very much . Max Littman, public.
MM: Thank you, Tom.
Before March 2011, I made photographic portraits in New York City.
We are polite creatures, gray.
We hide in darkness, in rooms without windows, and usually we avoid sunlight.
We make the thin even more thin models, the perfect skin even more perfect, we do the impossible, possible and criticize ourselves in the press all the time, but some of us are really artists with talent with many years of experience and real taste for images and photography.
On March 11 , 2011, I saw from my house, just like the rest of the world, the tragic events that happen in Japan.
Shortly time later, an organization where it was voluntary, there's Hans Volunts, it was in the place working as part of the response team.
I, along with hundreds of other volunteers we knew that we couldn't stay sitting at home, so I decided to join the group for three weeks.
On May 13, I traveled to Afghanistan.
It's a small town of fishermen located in the Indian preference of almost 50,000 people, one of the first people affected by the wave.
The water level has reached over 24 feet of height and more than three miles inside.
As you can imagine, the people were devastated.
We take debris from channels and stripes.
We cleaned up schools . We remove the slime and we leave the houses ready to be renewed and rehabilitation.
We take tons and tons of dead fish, sheep, the local factory.
We got rid and love.
For weeks, both volunteers like neighbors found similar things.
They found pictures and pictures of photos and cameras and San cards.
They all did the same thing.
Let them pick them up and bring them to different places of people around to save them.
It wasn't until then I realized that those pictures represented a huge part of the personal losses that people had suffered.
As they were fleeing the wave, and to save their lives, they had to absolutely abandon everything they had.
At the end of my first week, I started to help in a city assessment center.
It helped clean the common bathrooms, huge, giant bars.
This place turned out to be the place of the village where the rating center collects the photos.
There they took them and I had the honor that that day would trust me that day, to clean the photos.
This was exciting and inspiring, and I had heard the expression to think beyond the horizons, but it wasn't until I was going through my horizons that something happened.
By looking at the photos, I found some of them who were over a hundred years old, and they were still on the lab on the lab, I couldn't avoid thinking about how to fix that trait and repair that traits and know hundreds of people who could do the same thing.
So that night I walked in Facebook contact with some of them, and the next morning the answer was so overwhelming and positive, that I knew we had to try.
So we started playing pictures.
This was the first of all.
It wasn't too stressful, but where the water had decorated the face of the girl had a lot of precision and delicate.
Otherwise, that little girl wouldn't have the case of it, and that would be as tragic as having the strange picture.
With the time step, they came for more photos, and they needed more feedback, so it was in Facebook and LinkedIn and five days later 80 people from 12 countries were offered to help.
In two weeks, I had 150 desperate people joining.
In Japan, in July, we moved to Ritchill, a neighboring town in the north of Amazon.
Once a week we used our scanner in the temporary photographic libraries that had been installed, where people were going to reclaim their photos.
The time that they were taking in giving them is a different story, it depended on the description of the photos.
I could make an hour . I could be able to make weeks.
I could implement months.
This guy had to draw practically by hand using how the areas whose color and detail was not destroyed.
It took a long time.
The water destroyed all these pictures in salt water, covered with bacteria, with algae, even with oil, all along with the step of time continues to destroy them, and so clean them by hand was an important part of the project.
We couldn't pick up the picture unless it was clean, dry and had been recruited by his owner.
We were lucky with cleaning.
We have the guide of an admirable neighbor.
It's very easy to harm even further pictures.
As you once said Winston, the leader of my group is like making a tattoo.
You can't make mistakes.
The woman who brought us these pictures was lucky to the photos.
I had begun to clean her her, but he stopped to realize that she's even more.
I also had doubled.
Without them, the images of their husband and their own face would not be rebuilt, we could put the images into a single picture and pick the whole picture.
When I picked up his pictures, he shared something from his story with us.
A few colleagues of his husband found the photos in a firemen station between the very far from where their house used to be, but their colleagues recognized it.
The day of the tsunami, his husband was the experimenter of closing the barriers to the wave.
He had to go inside the water while Sirens sounded.
His little kids, not so small now, but their two children were in school, in different schools.
One of them was trapped in the water.
He took a week to find all his family and know that they had all survived.
The day he gave her pictures his younger son was 14.
For her, despite all of this, those pictures were the best gift I could do, something that he could come back to look at, something that could remember from the past that would not have been beaten by that day of March when everything in his life changed or was destroyed.
After six months in Japan 1,100 volunteers, there were hundreds of them, and they helped us clean up over 13,000 pictures, the vast majority of the vast majority of their owners . important.
More than 500 volunteers around us all helped us back to 90 families in completely saturated and relaxed photos.
During this time, we don't really spend more than $1,000 teams in teams and materials, most of them for printers.
We take pictures constantly.
A picture is a memory of someone or something, a place, a relationship, someone dear.
They're guards of our memories and stories, the last thing we'll take, but the first thing we would get to look for.
This was what the project was about, to restore small pieces of humanity, to bring someone back their connection to the past.
When a picture like this is back to someone, it makes a huge difference in the life of the person who gets it.
This project also made a big difference in the life of the reptiles.
Some of them were connected to something bigger, back something, using their talent for something that are not thin thin models.
To end, I'd like to read this email, and I sent it in India the day I went back from Japan after six months.
As I went back, I couldn't avoid thinking about people and stories shown in images.
One in particular, a picture with women from different ages from the grandmother to the small child, gathered around a baby, moved me around a baby, because a similar picture of my family, my mother, me and my newborn daughter, hangs on our wall.
In the whole world, in all the few of our basic needs are the same, right?
Thank you.
Doc Egypt inspired us awe and curiosity with this picture of a bullet that goes through an apple in an exhibition of only one million second.
But now , 50 years later, we can go a million times faster and see the world not to a million or a billion, but a trillion frames per second.
I present a new kind of photograph: the photographer -- a new technique so fast that it can create videos in slow motion of light.
And with that, we can create cameras that you can see after the corners, beyond the line of vision, or see inside of the body without using X-rays, and actually challenge the idea of camera.
If I take a laser pointer, and I'll turn it up and turn it into a billionth of a second or be, in a number of features to create a picture package of a millimeter.
And that package of photons, that bullet, travel to the speed of light, and, again, a million times faster than a common bullet.
If we take that balance and this package of photons and shoot in this bottle, how do those photons occur within this bottle?
What is the aspect of light in slow motion?
Now, all of this -- remember that all this happens in less than a nanometer is what takes to travel the light.
But this video is 10 billion times slower so you can see light in motion.
Coca-Cola doesn't apply this research . A lot of things happen in this film, and it's going to unfold this information to show what's going on.
The pulse, our bullet, goes into the bottle with a package of photons that starts to attract it and, within, it starts to dispersed.
Part of the light goes down, goes to the table, and we start to see these ripples.
Many of the photons finally get to the table and then explode in various directions.
As you can see, there's an air bubble that bounces inside.
At that time, waves travel through the table, and because of the thinking of the top, you see at the bottom of the bottle, after several frames, that the reflections are concentrated.
Now, if we take a common and current bullet, and we get the same distance, and we see it in slow camera to about 10 billion times, how much do you think it would take us to sit in that movie?
One day? Actually, a year.
It would be a very boring film of a slow movement.
And how about testing dead nature?
You can see the waves that were left from the table, the tomato and the wall of the bottom.
It's like throwing a stone in a pond.
It's the way that nature draws a picture, thought, from one physician at a time, but of course our eyes see an integral composition.
But if you look at one more time this tomato, you'll notice that, as the light is moved from tomato, it's still brilliant . It doesn't die.
Why? Because the tomato is mature and the light bounce inside it, and it comes back after several barrels of second.
In the future, when this fear is in its mobile phones, they can go to the supermarket and verify if the fruit is mature without having to play it.
What do we create this camera at MIT?
As a photographer, you know, if we take a low exhibition, it enters very little light.
But we're going to get a billion times faster than the shortest exhibition, so you just get some light.
We sent that bullet, that photons, millions of times, and we recorded over and over again with a very tight synchronization, we took those gigabytes of data and we trained them computational to create those women that I showed you.
We can take all those data in raw and process them in interesting ways.
Superman can fly.
Other heroes can become invisible.
What if a new power of an overlap future would allow him to see after the corners?
The idea is that we could throw some light on the door, bounce, go into the room, one part is going to reflect on the door, and from there to the camera.
Where we could extract those multiple light bottles.
It's not science fiction . We've built it.
On the left, it's our fear.
Behind the wall there is a manuscript and we bounce light on the door.
After the publication of our article in Nature Communism.
And a small fraction of the photons will go back to the camera, but interestingly, in slightly different moments.
And as we have a camera that works that fast, our fear, it has unique capabilities.
It has very good temporal resolution, and it can look at the world at the speed of light.
So we know the distances to the door, and also to the hidden objects, but we don't know what point on what point.
By projecting a laser, you can record a picture in gross, which, you see on the screen, really doesn't make any sense.
But we'll take a lot of images like that, dozens of images, we'll put them together and try to analyze the multiple rebotis of light, and with that, can we see the hidden object?
Can we see it in 3D?
This is our reconstruction.
We have things to explore before we take this out of the lab, but in the future, we could create cars that avoid collision with what's around the curve.
Or we could find survivors in dangerous conditions looking at the light reflected by open windows.
Or we could be able to build self-consumptions to see the inside of the body by dragging the organs, and the same for capitalism.
But of course, because of tissue and blood, this is quite difficult, so this is actually a question to scientists so that they start thinking about teacher as a new model of visualization to solve the health imaging problems of the next generation.
So, as Doc Egypt, he himself turned science in art, an art of altered photographs.
I realized that all of the gigabytes of data that we collected each time is not just scientific visualization, but we can.
It's a new form of computer photography with slow camera and color code.
And let's look at those waves . Remember, the time between each of those waves is just a few billion trillion.
But something funny happens.
If you look at the waves underneath the table, you get away from us.
waves should move to us.
What happens here?
It turns out, as we're recording almost at the speed of light, we have strange effects . Einstein would have loved to see this image.
The order in which the events are happening in the world sometimes appears in the camera.
By applying the corresponding of space and time, we can correct this distortion.
It's time . Thank you.
Hello . This is my mobile phone.
A mobile phone can change life, and it gives you individual freedom.
With a mobile mobile, you can photograph a crime against humanity in Syria.
With a mobile cell, you can tweet a message and start a protest in Egypt.
With a mobile phone, you can record a song, put it up to Superbak and get famous.
All of this is possible with a mobile phone.
I'm a 1984, and I live in Berlin City.
Let's go back to that moment, to this city.
So here you can see how hundreds of thousands of people protest a change.
This is the fall of 1989 . Imagine if all these people gathered that protest in a change, they had a mobile cell phone.
Who of the present you have a mobile phone here?
Get them up.
Raise your mobile phone, pick them up.
Get them up . An Android, a Blackberry, wow!
It's a lot . Almost everyone today has a mobile phone.
But today, I'm going to talk about my phone, and how life changed me.
I'll talk about this.
These are 35 800 lines of information.
Data in gross.
Why is that information there?
Because in the summer of 2006, the E.U . Commission was presented.
The Data Redesign Director.
This leadership says that every single European phone company, every single Internet provider from all of Europe, has to store a wide range of user information.
Who is calling who, who sends an email to who.
Who sends a text to whom.
And if we use the mobile, where we are.
All of this information is stored for at least six months, and to two years, in their phone company or their Internet provider.
And in the whole Europe, people stood up and said,``We don't want this . ''
They said they didn't want this feedback of data.
We want the self-determination in the digital age, and we don't want the phone phones and the Internet providers store all this information about us.
There were lawyers, journalists, priests, everybody said,``We don't want this . ''
And here you can see about 10,000 people coming out of Berlin streets and said,``Freedom, no fear . ''
And some even said that this would be Stage 2.0.
The State was the secret police of East Germany.
And I also wondered if this works really.
Can you store all this information about us?
Any time I use the mobile?
So I asked my phone, Delta Telegrain, who was then the largest telephone company in Germany, who please would send me all the information they had about me.
I asked them once, and I went back to ask, and I didn't get a concrete answer . It was all white, blah.
But then I said, I want to have this information because you're programming my life.
So I decided to start a judicial demand because I wanted to have this information.
But Delta Telegrain said no, we won't give you this information.
At the end we signed an agreement.
I would remove the demand and they send me the information that I was asking.
Meanwhile, the German constitutional German failed the installation for German law from the E.U.
So I received this ugly on brown with a CD inside.
And in the CD, there was this.
Thirty and five thousand thousand lines of information.
At the beginning I saw them and I said, well, it's a huge file . Okay.
But after a while, I realized that it's my life.
There are six months of my life in this archive.
It was a little bit skeptical: What should I do with that?
Because you can see where I'm, where I spend the night, what I'm doing.
But then I said, I want this information to go out.
I want to make it public.
Because I want to show people what data means.
So, next to Keith Online and Open Data City, we did this.
This is a six months visualization of my life.
You can zoom up and drift, go backwards and forwards.
You can see every step I give.
And you can see how I go from Frank on the train to colony, and how often I call in the trajectory.
All of this is possible with this information.
That's a little bit of fear.
But it's not just about me.
But all of us.
First, there are things like, I call my wife and she calls me, we talk a couple of times.
Then they call me some friends and they call each other.
And then one call the other, and the other, and we end up with this great network of communications.
You can see how their people communicate with each time they call each other, which time they sleep.
You can see all this.
You can see the centers, the group leaders.
If you have access to this information, you can see what society is doing.
If you have access to this information, you can control your society.
This is a model for countries like China and Iran.
This is a model to study the shape of your society, because you know who speaks to who, who sends an email to who, all of this is possible if you have access to this information.
And this information is stored at least six months in Europe, until two years.
As I said at the beginning, imagine if all these people in the streets in Berlin, in the 1989 fall, they had a mobile phone in the pocket.
And the State had known who participated in this protest, and if the State had known who the leaders were, this would never have happened.
The fall of the Berlin Wall may never have happened.
And in consequence, neither of the Hirstra's Court.
Because today, state agencies and companies want to store as much information from us as possible in and out of the web.
They want to have the chance to follow our lives and they want to store them forever.
But self-determination and living in the digital age is not a contradiction.
But today you have to fight for self-determination.
You have to fight that every day.
When you go home, tell your friends that privacy is a 21st century value, and it's not going to fashion.
When you go home, tell your representatives that only because companies and state agencies can store certain information, they don't have to.
And if you don't believe me, ask your phone company, what data store of you.
So in the future, every time you use your mobile mobile phones to remember that you have to fight for self-determination in the digital age.
Thank you.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
It's not enough.
Hello TEDWomen, what happens?
I call it Master Zander and I'm not drunk, but I know the doctor that brought me to the world.
I cut my mom six times in six different directions, affecting the poor of me in the process.
As a result, I have cerebral palsy, which is why it all the time.
Look at.
It's exhausting . I'm like a mixture of Shakespeare.
And Muhammad Al.
The C C. is not genetic.
It's not controversial and it can't contract.
Nobody disappeared the uterus of my mother and not the contract because my parents were cousins, even though they are.
Just go through accidents, like the one that happened to me.
Now, I warn you, I'm not a source of inspiration.
It feels bad for me, because at some point in life, they've wanted to be disabled.
Let's go from a walk.
Christmas vessels, they're at the mall, they're driving in circles in looking for parking and what do you see?
16 empty places for disabled.
And they think,``God, can I be at least a little bit disabled? ''
In addition, I say, I have 99 problems, and B C. is just one of them.
There's an outbreak of the oppression, I would win the gold medal.
I'm Palestinian, Muslim, woman, disabled and alive in New Jersey.
If you don't feel better, maybe you should.
I'm from Park Cliff, in New Jersey.
I always loved that my neighborhood and my disease had the same principles.
I also love that if I wanted to walk from my house to New York, I could.
Many people with cerebral palsy don't walk, but my parents don't believe in the``can't . ''
My father's mantra was,``You [unclear].
If my three older sisters clean, I clean.
If my three older sisters went to public school, my parents gave up the school system, and they would make sure that I was also, and if we didn't take all the maximum notes, we all received my mother's shoes.
My father taught me to walk at five years by putting my heel on his feet and just walking.
Another tactics that I used was to hang a dollar in front of me so that it was.
The spiritual that I carry inside was very strong and ...
Yeah . The first day in the kindergarten was walking like a boxing champion that has received a lot of hits.
Growing up, there were only six Arabs in my city and were all of the family.
Now there are 20 Arabs, and they continue to be all of the family . I think nobody realized that we weren't Italian.
This was before 9/11 and that politicians would think appropriate to use``hate to Muslims"as a campaign.
The people I grew up with didn't have trouble with my faith.
However, it seemed to worry about hunger during the branch.
I told them that I had enough fat to live three months, without eating, so I'm going to save from dawn to arrest is very easy.
dance in Broadway.
Yes, in Broadway . It's crazy . My parents couldn't afford physical therapy, so they sent me to dance school.
I learned to dance with heels, I learned that I can walk with heels.
I'm from New Jersey, and we want to be a kid, so if my friends used heels, I also.
And when my friends were going to spend summer vacation on the coast of Jerry, I didn't go.
I spent my summers in a war zone, because my parents feared that if we didn't go back to Palestine every summer, we would become Madonna.
In summer vacation, often my father was trying to heal me, so I drink milk of deer, they put me warm milk on my back, and I remember at the Dead Sea, and I remember the water burned my eyes and thought,``It works, it works! ''
But the miracle cure was the yoga.
I have to say that it's very boring, but before we do yoga was a store comedian that could not stand up.
And now I can hold on the head.
My parents reinforced this idea that I could do anything, that no dream was impossible, and my dream was to be in the General Hospital.
I went to college through positive discrimination, and I got a scholarship for the United States, University of the State of Arizona, because I was going in all the times.
It was like the pet lamp of the theater department.
Everyone loved me.
I did all the least intelligent tasks, I took the maximum note in my classes, and also in their classes.
Every time I made a scene from the crystal zoo my teachers were crying.
But I never got a paper.
Finally, in my last year, the United States decided to make a piece called Dance very slow in Jackson.
It's a piece of a girl with cerebral palsy.
I was a girl with cerebral palsy.
So I started screaming at four winds,``In the end you have a paper!
I have brain paralysis!
At the end! At the end!
Thank God Almighty, I'm free! ''
I didn't get the paper . They gave it to Brad Brown.
I went to income the director of the theater department, crying historically, as if someone had killed my cat, asking why, and she told me that they couldn't do the risk scenes.
And I said,``Excuse me, if I can't do the risk stunts, no character can . ''
It was a role for the one that was literally born and gave it to an actress without cerebral palsy.
The university was imitating my life.
Hollywood has a survey of hearing actors without disability for disabled papers.
When I graduated, I went home, and my first actor tour was kind of weird in a television.
My dream became reality.
And I knew that it would be``company"to``better friend"in a healthy.
Instead, I stayed there as a vase, I didn't look more than the one, and it was obvious to me that repair directors didn't hire the cardiac actors, no white, with disability.
They just hired perfect people.
But there were exceptions to the rule.
I grew up watching Joshua Goldberg, Rosey Barry, Ellen, and all these women had one thing in common: they were comedian.
That's why I got humor.
In my first tour, I took New York City famous comics to New Jersey, and I'll never forget the face of the first comics that I took when I fell in the account that I was at high speed by the New Jersey freeway with a driver that had cerebral palsy.
I worked in clubs all across America, and also in Arabic in the Middle East, without censorship and no veil.
Some people say I'm the first monopoly in the Arab world.
I never like to reclaim the first place, but I know you never heard that little nasty rumor that says women are not fun, and they find us very fun.
In 2003, my brother's brother and father, Dean Obama, and I launched the New York City Festival of New York, now in his 10 year.
Our goal was to change the negative image of Japanese-Americans in media and to remind the directors of repair that sweat and Arabic are not synonymous.
To integrate Arabs was much easier to fight the challenge of the stigma of disability.
My big opportunity came in 2010.
I was like invited to the cable news program to the cable with Keith Oliver.
I walked into a graduation dance, and I was arrested to a studio and sat in a wheelchair.
I looked at the director, and I said,``Excuse me, can you give me another chair? ''
She looked at me and said,``Five, four, three, two...''
And we were live!
So I cling to the desk desk to do not coming out of the screen, and when I finished the interview, I was pale.
At the end, I had my opportunity, and I turned it out . I knew they wouldn't be invited.
But not only Mr. Online came back to me, but I was as a full-time participant and I pasted my chair.
One fun thing I learned with Keith Online was that people on the Internet are a Scottish.
The children are being said that children are cruel, but they're never going to be a little bit of a child.
All of a sudden, my Internet disability became an object.
I'm going to see online clips with comments like,``Why do you shake? ''
\" Is it arrested? ''
And my favorite: poor terrorist trash.
What disease does it have?
We should really pray for it . ''
A comment suggested even that I would add my disability to my rsum: script, comedian, relative.
disability is as visual as race.
If someone in wheelchair cannot make Ben, then Ben can't make someone in wheelchair.
The disabled ones are the -- yeah, clap, man . Come on.
The disabled minority is the largest minority in the world, and the most extended in the world of entertainment.
The doctors said it won't walk, but I'm here in front of you.
However, having grown up with the media, I don't think it was.
I hope that together we can create more positive images of disability in media and everyday life.
Maybe if there were more positive images, that would be less hatred on the Internet.
Or maybe not.
Maybe we still need the whole society to teach our kids well.
My stupid travel has led me to very spectacular places.
I came to walk through the red carpet delighted by the drink of the Susan Telescope Sunday and the world's leading Larry Arthur.
I came to act in a movie with Adam Sandwich and working with my idol, the incredible Dave Matthews.
I came up with the world,``The Arabs have become crazy . ''
I was determined in the great state of New Jersey in 2008.
And I founded``The Children of Massest ,"a charity to give kids refugee refugees a number of what my parents gave me.
It was the only time my father saw me act live, and I dedicated this talk to his memory.
The peace.
I call it Master Zander, and if I can, you can also.
I'd like to tell you a story about a child of a small village.
I don't know your name, but I know your story.
It lives in a small village to South Somalia.
This village is close to Mogadishu.
The drought pushes the small village to poverty and the edge of the sentence.
Without anything to him there, it goes to the big city, in this case, Mogadishu, the capital of Somalia.
When it comes there, there's no opportunity, there's no work, no future perspective.
He ended up living in a tent in the city to the outskirts of Mogadishu.
After maybe a standing year, nothing.
A day is about a gentleman that offers him to take him lunch, after dinner, to breakfast.
It knows a dynamic group of people, which gives him a break.
They get a little bit of money to buy new clothes, money to send home, their family.
They present a young man.
It finally gets home.
It starts a new life.
It has a life target.
A beautiful day in Mogadishu, under a blue sky, bursts a car bomb.
That child from that small village with great care dream was the suicide bomber, and that dynamic group of people were to the Shabaab, a terrorist organization connected to al Qaeda.
So, how is the story of a child from a little town trying to fulfill their dreams in the city end with him?
He was waiting.
He was waiting for an opportunity, waiting to start its future, waiting for a future perspective, and this was the first thing that came.
This was the first thing that took out of what we call the``waiting period . ''
And his story repeats in urban centers around the world.
It's the story of the outcasts, young urban young urban young people who permanently decrease distributes in Johannesburg, delivered riots in London, looking for something beyond the``waiting period . ''
For young people, the city promise, the great dream of the city is the opportunity, of jobs, of well-being, but young people don't participate in the prosperity of their cities.
It's often the youth that suffer from the highest rates of unemployment.
By 2030, three of every five people living in cities will be under 18.
If we don't include the young people in the growth of our cities, if we don't give them opportunities, the story of``waiting period ,"the door of access to terrorism, to the gang, to be the history of cities 2.0.
And in my hometown, Mogadishu , 70 percent of young people are unemployed.
Seventy percent doesn't work, it doesn't go to school.
They don't practically do anything.
I went back to Mogadishu last month, and I went to visit the Maddia Hospital, the hospital where I was born.
I remember being in the hospital, and I remember thinking,``And if I'd never gone? ''
What if I was forced to be in that same``waiting period"?
Would I become a terrorist?
I'm not really sure of the answer.
The reason I was in Mogadishu that month was actually to hold a few juvenile leaders into a corporate summit.
He gathered about 90 Somali juvenile leaders.
We sat down, and we had a rain of ideas about solutions to the big challenges facing the city.
One of the young people in the room was Alan.
He went to the University of Mogadishu, graduated.
There was no work, no opportunities.
I remember when he told me, because I was a graduate, unemployed college, was the perfect white for Al Shabaab and other terrorist organizations, to be recruited.
They were looking for people like him.
But this story takes a different path.
In Mogadishu, the biggest obstacle to get from point A to B is the streets.
Twenty years of civil war have completely destroyed the village system, and a motorcycle can be the easiest way to mobilize.
You saw an opportunity and the leverage.
He started a motorcycle company.
It started rent motorcycles to local residents who normally couldn't buy them.
I bought 10 engines, with the help of his family and friends, and his dream is at some point to expand hundreds of engines over the next three years.
Why is this story different?
What makes this story different?
I think your ability to identify and leverage a new opportunity.
It's the entrepreneurial spirit, and I believe that business spirit can be the most powerful tool against the``waiting period . ''
It feeds young people to be the creators of the economic opportunity that they're looking for so desperately.
And you can train young people to be entrepreneurs.
I want to talk to you about a young man who attended one of my meetings, Mohamed Mohamed, a flower.
I was helping me train some of the young people in the summit of corporate initiative and how to create a culture of corporate initiative.
In fact, it's the first flower that Mozart has seen in over 22 years, and until Mohamed came, until Mohamed came, if you wanted flowers for your wedding, you used it out of plastic sent from the foreigner.
If you ask someone,``When was the last time you saw fresh flowers? ''
For those who grew up during the civil war, the answer would be,``Never . ''
So, Mohamed saw an opportunity.
It started a business company and a floral design.
He created a farm on the outskirts of Mogadishu, and he started growing Tumbern and literacys, who said, could survive the hard weather of Mogadishu.
And he started the delivery of weddings for weddings, creating gardens in the houses, and the companies in the city, and now he's working on the creation of Mozart's first public park in 22 years.
There are no public parks in Mogadishu.
It wants to create a space where families, young people, can go together, and as he says, smell the proverbial pink.
By the way, he doesn't grow pink, because they use a lot of water.
So, the first step is to inspire young people, and in that room, Mohamed's presence had a really profound impact in young people.
They've never thought of starting a business.
They had thought about working for an NGO, working for government, but their story, their innovation, really had a strong impact on them.
He forced them to look at their city as a place of opportunities.
I encouraged them to believe that they could be entrepreneurs, that could be a change of change.
By the end of the day, they already had innovative solutions for some of the greatest challenges facing the city.
They identified corporate solutions for local problems.
So, inspired young people and creating an entrepreneurial spirit culture is really a big step, but young people need capital to make their ideas true.
They need experience and guidance to guide them in development and put in their business.
They connect the young people with the resources that they need, brilliant the support that they need to move from conception to creation, and create catalyst for urban growth.
For me, the entrepreneurial spirit is more than starting a business.
It's creating a social impact.
Mohamed is not just selling flowers.
I think it's selling hope.
Their Peace Park, that's how it calls, when it's created, transforming the way people see their city.
They put children out of the street to help rent and maintain the engines for him.
He gave them the opportunity to escape from the``wait period . ''
These young entrepreneurs are having a tremendous impact in their cities.
So my suggestion is: they turn young people in entrepreneurs, they file and eat their inherent innovation, and they'll have more stories about flowers and Peace parks than the cars and``waiting periods . ''
Thank you.
I was about 10 years old, and I went to my dad in the Adamanan Mountains, an area to the north of New York City.
It was a beautiful day.
The football forest.
The sun made the leaves shine as a vital, and not by the path that we kept, almost we could pretend that we were the first human beings to put that land.
We come to our camp.
It was a cooking in a picture with a beautiful criminal lake when I discovered something horrible.
Behind the shed, there was a dump, about four square feet with apple hearts put out aluminum balls, and old old.
And I was announced, I was very angry and incredibly confused.
The campaigns that were too lazy to get what they had brought, who thought he was going to clean their garbage?
That question followed with me, and a little bit.
Who clean up our trash?
No matter how you organize or where you put the``ours ,"who cleans our trash in Istanbul?
Who clean our trash in Rio or in Paris or in London?
Here in New York, the healthcare Department clean up our trash, to 11 tons of waste waste and 2,000 tons of recyclable products every day.
I wanted to know them as individuals.
I wanted to understand who that work does.
What do you feel like to use the uniform and bring that charge?
So I started a research project with them.
I traveled on the trucks and walked through his trajectories and interviewed people in offices and installations across the city, and I learned a lot, but it was still an intruder.
I needed to get more.
So I started working as a trash collector.
Now I didn't just travel on trucks . I drive them.
And I operated the mechanical and the snow.
It was a remarkable privilege and an amazing learning.
They all ask about smell.
It's there, but it's not as prevalent as you believe, and in the days that it's very strong, you used quickly.
It costs much to the weight.
I met people who had worked on it for several years and their bodies kept getting on the weight of taking on their body of garbage every week.
There's also the danger.
According to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, waste collection is one of the 10 most dangerous occupation in the country, and I learned the reason.
You're coming out and entering the traffic all day and you go around you.
They just want to go, so in general, the driver is not paying attention.
That's really bad for the worker.
And also the trash itself is full of dangers that often fall off the truck and provide terrible damage.
I also learned about the impact of garbage.
When you get out of the skull and you see a city from the back of the truck, you can understand that garbage is like a force of nature itself.
It never stops coming.
It's also as a form of breathing or circulation.
It always should be in motion.
And there's also the stigma.
It seems to me that the stigma is especially ironic because I think waste collectors are the most important workforce in the city streets, for three reasons.
They are the first public health protections.
If you don't get rid of waste in efficient and effective ways every day, this starts to deal with your container and your inherent dangers threaten us in very real ways.
diseases that we had controlled for decades and centuries are going to sprout and start to hurt.
The economy needs them.
If we can't get rid of the old, we don't have space for what the engines of the economy start failing when it's in danger.
I'm not advocating for capitalism, it's just your relationship.
And then it's what I call our average speed daily.
I mean, I mean just at the speed that we used to move in the contemporary time.
We usually don't worry, we don't repair, we clean, or we carry with us our coffee cup, our bags bag, our water bottle.
We use them, we throw them down, we forget about them, because we know there's a work force on the other side that will take on it.
So today I want to suggest to you a couple of ways of thinking about waste collection that maybe help to reduce stigma and include them in that conversation about how to design a sustainable and human city.
His job, I think, is almost little diagnosis.
They're on the street every day, rhythmic.
They use a uniform in many cities.
You know when to expect them.
And their work allows us to make ours.
They're almost a form of relief.
The flow that keeps us from ourselves, of our own waste, our waste, and that flow must always stay in one form or another.
One day after September 11th , 2001, I listened to a record truck truck on the street, grabbed my little child and dropped the stairs running, and there was a man doing his recycled piece of paper like I did all the Wednesday.
And I tried to thank her for doing his job that particular day, but I started crying.
And he looked at me and just nodded, and he said,``Let's be right.
We are going to be right . ''
Shortly after that, I started researching the waste collection, and I saw that man.
It's called Paul, we worked together so many times, and we made good friends.
I want to believe that Paul was right.
We're going to be right.
But in our efforts to rethink the way we exist on this planet as a species, we have to include and have in account all costs, even the very real human cost.
The municipal waste, what we think when we talk about garbage, represent three percent of the number of waste of the nation.
It's a remarkable statistics.
So in the flow of your days and your lives, the next you see somebody whose job is to clean the garbage of you, take a moment to recognize them.
Take a time for you to tell you.
My work is focused on the connection of thinking about our community life making part of the environment where architecture is naturally born from conditions and local traditions.
Today I brought two recent projects as an example of this.
Both projects are located in emerging countries, one in Ethiopia and the other in Tunisia.
They also share the fact that different analysis from different perspectives become an essential part of the end of architecture.
The first example started with an invitation to design a commercial center of several stories in Ethiopia capital, Addis Ababa.
This is the kind of construction that showed us as an example, to my team and me, about what we had to design.
At the beginning, the first thing I thought was,``I want to go out running . ''
After seeing some of these buildings there are many in the city, we realized that there are three important aspects to highlight.
In principle, these buildings are almost empty because they have very large stores where people can't afford to buy things.
Secondly, you need to employ a lot of energy because the review with crystals generates heat inside, so you need a lot of cooling.
In a city where this should not happen, because it's a temperate climate that goes from 20 to 25 degrees throughout the year.
And third, it has nothing to do with Africa or Ethiopia.
It's a pity trying to be so rich in culture and traditions.
In our first visit to Ethiopia, I was really captured with the ancient market that is this structure to the free air where thousands of people are going and buy things every day to small marketers.
There's also that idea of using public space to generate external activity.
So I thought, that's what I really wanted to design, not a commercial center.
But the question was how to build a modern building, from several floors, applying these principles.
The next challenge was presented by inspect the site, which is located in an area of a lot of growth in the city, where much of the buildings we see now in the image, didn't exist.
And it's also between two parallel streets that don't communicate in an extension of hundreds of meters.
So the first thing we did was we created a connection between these two streets, bringing all the entries in the building.
And this extends with an unfinished atrium that creates a space to the free air in the building that is authorized, by its own shape, the sun and the rain.
And around this space we've applied the idea of the market with small businesses, which changes in every floor because of the shape of space.
I also thought, how do you close the building?
I wanted to find a solution that responded to local climate conditions.
And I went to thinking about a similar tissue to a property shell with drill to allow the air entrance, and also the light, but in a reliable way.
We then inspired ourselves in these beautiful buttons of the dresses of the Ethiopian.
They have the properties of fractal geometry, and this helped me model the facade.
We're building that with these little predatory pieces that are the windows that let the air and light in a way controlled inside the building.
This is filled with these little colors of colors that use the light inside the building to illuminate the building at night.
With these ideas, it wasn't easy to convince developers because they thought,``That's not a shopping center . It wasn't what we asked . ''
But in definition, we all realized that this idea of the market turned out to be much more profitable than the mall of the mall, because ultimately there was more local to sell.
And the idea of the facade was much more economic, not only because of the material compared to glass, but also because it was no longer necessary to have air conditioning.
So we got certain savings in the budget that we use to implement the project.
The first thing was to think about how to achieve energy automation for the building in a city where electricity was cut almost every day.
So we got a big advantage by putting photovoltaic on the roof.
And then under those panels, we think of the ceiling as a new public space with meeting areas and bars that will create this urban oasis.
And these spots on the roof, which together collect water for the health care.
It's expected for the beginning of the next year, because we go through the fifth floor of construction.
The second example is a master of 2,000 apartments and services in Tunisia City.
And to do such a big project, the biggest thing I've designed, I needed not only to understand the city of Tunisia, but also its environment, its tradition and culture.
During that analysis, I put special attention in the middle, a 1,000 years of ancient old structure that was surrounded by a wall with twelve doors of access connected by almost straight lines.
When I went to the place, the first design operation we did was extend the existing streets, creating 12, initial blocks in size and features that there are in Barcelona and other cities in Europe with these courtyards.
In addition to that, we selected some strategic points in relation to the idea of interconnected doors with straight lines, and this modified the initial model.
And the last operation was to think of the cell, the little cell of the project, like the apartment, as an essential part of the master plan.
I thought, what would be the best guidance for an apartment in the Mediterranean climate?
And it's North, because it creates a thermal difference between both sides of the house and therefore a natural ventilation.
So we hold a scheme that makes sure most apartments are perfectly oriented in that direction.
And this is the result that is almost like a combination of European locking and Arab city.
It has these blocks with courtyards, and then on the bottom plant we have all the connections for pedestrians.
And it also responds to local norms that established greater density on higher levels and a lower density on the low plant.
And it also reinforces this idea of doors.
The ceiling, which is my favorite space of the project is almost how to delay the community the space occupied by construction.
It's where all the neighbors, they can go up and societies, and make activities such as running a two kilometers in the morning, or jumping from one building to another.
These two examples, they have a common approach in the design process.
And also, they're in emerging countries, where you can see cities literally growing.
In these cities, the impact of architecture in people's life changes communities and local economies at the same pace that the buildings grow.
For this reason, I see even more important to look at architecture looking for simple but affordable solutions that improve the relationship between community and environment, and they have a goal connecting nature with people.
Thank you very much.
When I was eight years old, a new child entered our class . It was so remarkable, as all the new girls look like.
I had huge amounts of bright hair and a small story of pencils, cute . It was super strong for states of states, very good for failure.
I ended that year and I was full of jealousy, until I brought my sinister plan.
I was a day after the school of school . I was a little late, and I hid in the girls' bathroom.
When the coast was cleared, I went out, I walked into the classroom, I took from the table of my teacher, the book of ratings.
And then, I did.
I altered the ratings of my rival, just a little bit, just some like this.
All of the ace . And I would get the book back to the box, but, to see, some of my other partners had very good grades as well.
So in a frenzy, I ran the notes around the world, without any imagination.
I put all of the rows out of me and myself a row of this, just because I could ...
I still surprised what I did.
I don't understand how the idea arose.
I don't understand why I felt good to do.
I felt important.
I don't understand why they never caught me.
So it was all desperately obvious.
They never discovered me.
But most of all, I really dislike the reason that this little girl, so small, was so good for failure.
I'm intrigued by the jealousy.
They're so mysterious and so penetrate.
We know that babies suffer from jealousy.
Also primates . The lethal birds are very likely.
We know that jealousy is the number one cause of self-organization in the United States.
And yet, I've never seen a study that analyzes loneliness, or the long duration or sadness.
So, you've got to go to fiction, because novels are like the lab in which the heat is studied in all its possible forms.
In fact, I don't know if it's an exaggeration to say that if there were no jealousy, there would be no literature.
Well, there would be no Helium, there would be no idea.
There would be no perfect king,``The 1,000 and a night . ''
There would be no Shakespeare.
It would disappear the reading lists of high school reading, because we would be losing``The Noise and The Forest ,"there would be no``Gate"or``Fermin"-- we would lose``Madame Bovam"and``Anna K . ''
Without jealousy, there's no Prosthetic . I know it's fashionable to say that Proust has the answers for everything, and, in terms of the jealousy, almost all of them.
This year is 100 years old from his masterpiece,``In the lost time ,"the most exhausting study of sexual hair, and also of ordinary competitiveness, mine, everything we could have, and thinking about Proust, we have the sentimental details, right?
We think of a child trying to reconcile sleep.
We think of a magnetic computer in a washing machine.
We forget how hard that image is.
We forget how much it is.
I mean, it's about books that Virginia Wolfram said were as hard as a cat trick.
I don't know what the cat trick is, but we assume that it's surface.
Let's see why they go so well together, the novel and the jealousy, the jealousy and the Production.
Will it be very obvious as the jealousy, which boils down to the person, to their wish, to their impediments, are a very solid narrative?
I don't know . I think we get very close to the bone, when we think about what happens when we feel jealousy.
When we feel jealousy, we tell ourselves a story.
A story about other people's life, and those stories make us feel terrible because they're designed for that, to make us feel bad.
Being a storyteller and a audience, we know exactly what details to include, to clarify the knife, right?
The skies make all amateur novelists, and that's something that I understood.
Everything that she does to give me pleasure could give me pleasure to another, maybe right now . ''
And it starts to say to himself that story, and since then, Proust says that every fresh love that Sharon detects in his lover, he adds it to his collection of torture instruments in his private camera.
You have to admit that Swar and Arabic were notoriously jealous.
You know, Proust boyfriend would have to abandon the country, if they wanted to break with it.
But you don't have to be so jealous to recognize that it's a tough job . Right?
The skies are exhausting.
It's a hungry emotion . You have to feed it.
And how are the skies?
The skies are nurtured from information.
The jealousy uses the details.
The skies like the big amounts of bright hair and the cute and small penis of pencil.
The skies are nurtured from photos.
That's why Instagram is so successful . It was the link of the language of the actual language with jealousy.
When Swedish is in his heat of jealousy, suddenly he hears behind doors and bribe to the survivors of his lover, then they defend those behaviors.
He says,``Look, I know that this is disgusting, but it's not different to the interpretation of an old text or to look at a memorial . ''
He says,``They're scientific research with real intellectual value . ''
And he's trying to show that jealousy people look clever and make us seem absurd, but in their mind, they're pursuit of knowledge, search for truth, a painful truth . In fact, the more painful truth, the better.
Pain, humiliation, loss: These were the pathways to the wisdom of Proust.
He says,``A woman who we need, who makes us suffer, causes in us a much more profound and vital feelings that a wise man can interest us . ''
Is it telling us that we're going to look for cruel women?
No . I think it's trying to say that heat reveals ourselves.
Is there any other emotion that makes us open in this particular way?
Is there any other emotion reveals our agency, our horrible ambition and our rights?
Any other emotion that taught us to look at such peculiar intensity?
Freud would write about this later.
One day, Freud was visited by a very narrow young man who was consumed with the idea that his wife was fooled.
And Freud says that there was something strange in that man, who was not fixed in what his wife did.
Well she was innocent; everybody knew it.
The poor creature was under support without any cause.
But he was looking for things that did his wife, without realizing, involuntary behaviors.
Does it sound too much, or does it accidentally run with a man?
Freud says that man was becoming the quad of the unconscious of his wife.
novels are very good at this.
novels describe very well how the jealousy makes us look at intensity but no accuracy.
In fact, the more interesting we are, the more we become residents of fantasy.
And for this reason, I think, the jealousy will lead us to make violent or illegal acts.
The heat drives us to behave in completely unimaginable ways.
Now I'm thinking about the eight years, I recognize it, but I'm also thinking about this story I heard in the news.
A woman in Michigan from 52 years old was captured by having created a false account on Facebook from the one that was sent up, horrible messages, for a year.
For a year . A year.
She was trying to instill the new girlfriend of his former boyfriend, and I have to confess that when or this, react to admiration.
Because, let's be realistic.
What enormous, albeit unfortunate, creativity . Right?
It's like novel.
It's like a November Higgs novel.
Highway is one of my favorites.
She's a very strange and brilliant character of the American literature.
It's the author of``strangers in a train"and``The talented Mr Richard ,"books that try to how the jealousy, confuse our minds, and once we're on the sphere, in the realm of jealousy, the membrane that separates what it might be, can be drill in an instant.
Take Tom Richard, his most famous character.
Tom Richard is going to go on or want what you're going to get to you, and you want to stand out of what you ever had, and it's under the floor . It responds to your name, you take your rings, cow your bank accounts.
It's a way.
But what do we do? We can't take Tom Richard's route.
I can't give you all the world, as sometimes as sometimes I want.
It's a pity, because we live in times of envy.
We live in jealousy times.
I mean, we are good citizens of social networks, where is the currency? Right?
Are the novels show us the output? I'm not sure.
So we're going to do what characters always do when they're not secure, when they're in a mystery.
Let's go to 225 of Baker Street and ask for Shake Holle.
When people think of hours, they think about the embodiment in the Marine Professor, that criminal genius.
But I've always preferred [to the Institute] Letter, the rat head of Scott Tide's rat, who needs hello desperately, needs the genius of Hi, but he's annoyed.
Oh, I sound so familiar.
Sea needs his help, but he's going to do it, and bubbles with bitterness in each of the mysteries.
But as they work together, something starts to change, and finally in``The Seven Navits adventure ,"once Hollywood goes into, he goes back to all of his solution, Letter goes back to hello and says,``We're not jealous, Mr. Holle.
We're proud of you . ''
And he tells him there's no person at Scott Tide, who would not want to track her hand.
It's one of the few times that we see Hi stuck in history . I look like this very emotional . That scene is also mysterious, right?
It seems to treat the heat as a geometry problem, without emotion.
You know, in a minute here is the opposite side of Lesterland.
The next minute they're on the same side.
Suddenly, Lesterland is allowed to admire that idea of being him.
Could it even be so simple?
What happens if the skies are actually a geometry of geometry, just a question of where we allow ourselves to be in relation to the other?
Well, maybe we don't have to get rid of the greatness of the other.
We can align with it.
But I like the contingency plans.
So as we wait for that to happen, we remember that we have the fiction to comfort ourselves.
Only fiction is destroying the jealousy.
The fiction used to be the domesticated, I invite them to the table.
And look at what blows: the sweet candy, the terrifying Tower Richard, the crazy Swario, the same Marc Proust.
We're in excellent company.
Thank you.
We used to solve big problems.
On July 21 , 1969, Buzz Aldrin jumped outside of the Apollo 11 Apollo module and discovered on the Sea of Controversial.
Armstrong and Aldrin were alone, but their presence on the dark surface gray was the culture of a collective collective process.
The Apollo program was the greatest movement in the U.S. history.
To get to the moon, NASA spent about 180 billion dollars today, or four percent of the federal budget.
The Apollo gave about 400,000 people and asked the collaboration of 20,000 companies, universities and government agencies.
They died people, including Apollo 1.
But before the Apollo Apollo program , 24 men traveled to the moon.
Twelve walked on their surface, which Aldrin after the death of Armstrong, last year, is now the oldest one.
So why were they?
They didn't bring a lot back , 380 pounds of old rocks, and something that 24 will deliver later, a new sense of the small and fragility of our common home.
Why were they? The cynical response is that they were because President Kennedy wanted to demonstrate the Soviets, that this nation had better rockets.
But the words of Kennedy at the University of Rice in 1962 give us a better idea.
John F. Kennedy: Some questions, why the moon?
Why do we turn it into our goal?
And you might also ask, why do you scale the highest mountain?
35 years ago, why would you fly about the Atlantic?
Why do you play Rice versus Texas?
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon.
We chose to go to the moon in this decade, and do other things, not because they're simple, but because they're difficult.
Jason Pontrait: For the contemporary, the Apollo was not just an West victory about the East in the Cold War.
At the time, the stronger emotion was to wonder to the transcendence of the power of technology.
It was because it was a great thing to do.
The landing on the moon happened in a context of a long list of technological triumph.
The first half of the 20th century produced the line of assembly and airplane, penicillin and vaccine for tuberculosis.
In half the century, the cops are eradicated, and the smallpox is eliminated.
Technology seemed to be what Alvin Topping in 1970 called``acceleration force . ''
For most of the history of humanity, we can't go faster than a horse, or a ship with a candle, but in 1969, the Apollo 10 crew flew up to 40,000 miles.
Since 1970, no human being has gone back to the moon.
No one has traveled faster than the Apollo 10 crew, and the optimism of the technology of technology has evolved by seeing that the technology that we imagine that technology will solve as to go to Mars, create a clean energy, cure cancer, or feed the world population, seem to be intractable.
I remember seeing the Apollo 17.
I was five years old, and my mother told me that he doesn't look at the escape tube called from the Saturn V rocket.
I knew that this would be the last moon mission, but I was completely sure I'd come to see the colonies on Mars.
So that``something happened to our ability to solve problems with technology"has become a common place.
We hear it all the time.
We've heard it for the last two days here at TED.
It looks like the technologists would have been distracted to us, and they were enriched with trivial toys, things like iPhones, applications and social networks, or algorithms that speed up the automated sales.
There's nothing wrong with most of these things.
They have expanded and enriched our lives.
But they don't solve the big problems of humanity.
What happened?
There's a robotic explanation in Silicon Valley, which has been created less ambitious companies than the years of Intel, Microsoft, Apple and Gene.
Silicon Valley says that markets are the culprits, in concrete, the incentives that venture capitalists offer entrepreneurs.
Silicon Valley says that the risk of risk caused the creation of transformative ideas for the funding of incremental problems or even false problems.
But I don't think this explanation is good enough.
It explains mostly what's wrong in Silicon Valley.
Even when the risk capitalists were at their point, without worrying about risk, they preferred small investments, tiny investments, that they could go out in 10 years.
The CC . They've always had problems to invest with benefit in technologies as energy, who need a huge capital, and that development has never invested in developing technologies that are destined to solve big problems because they don't have an immediate commercial value.
No, the reasons we can't solve the big problems are more complicated and profound.
Sometimes we choose not to solve the big problems.
We could go to Mars if we wanted.
NASA has even designed a plan.
But going to Mars would require a political decision that was popular, and that will never happen.
We're not going to go to Mars because everybody thinks there are more important things to do on Earth.
Sometimes we can't solve big problems because political systems fail.
Today, less than two percent of the global energy consumption comes from renewable energy sources like solar, wind and biofuels . Less than two percent, and the reason is completely economic.
Coal and natural gas are cheaper than solar and wind energy, and oil is cheaper than the biofuels.
We want to do alternative energy sources that can compete in price . They don't exist.
Now, technologists, entrepreneurs and economists agree on what policies and international treaties will increase the development of alternative energy: mostly, a significant increase in research and energy development, and some kind of control of coal price.
But there is no hope in political climate today that we'll see an energy policy in America or international treaties that reflect that consensus.
Sometimes, the big problems that looked technological, it turns out not to be.
We know from the time that famine is results of failure in the food rate.
But 30 years of research have taught us that famine are political crisis that affect food distribution.
Technology can improve things like harvest or systems for storage and food repair, but there will be famine while they were bad governments.
Finally, the big problems sometimes choose a solution because we don't really understand the problem.
President Nixon declared the war to cancer in 1971, but soon we discovered that there are many kinds of cancer, some terrible resistant to treatment, and only in the last 10 years, they seem to have found effective and viable treatments.
Hard problems are difficult.
It's not true that we can't solve problems with technology.
We can and we have, but these four elements have to be present: political leaders and population must want to solve the problem; institutions must support the solution; it should be really about a technological problem, and we need to understand it.
The Apollo mission, which has become something like a metaphor for the capacity of technology to solve big problems, with those criteria.
But it's an unpredictable model in the future.
We're not in 1961.
There's no fan competition like in the Cold War, there's no policy like John Kennedy who inherit the hard and the dangerous, and there's no popular mythology of science fiction like exploring the solar system.
In general, going to the moon turned out to be simple.
I was just three days.
And really, I wasn't even solving any problem.
We're alone in our present, and the solutions of the future will be harder to get.
God knows we don't missing the challenges.
Thank you very much.
Well, I'm going to talk about trust, and I'm going to start collecting the widespread ideas that you have about trust.
They're so common that they've become cliche of our society.
I think it's three.
The first one is a recess: there's been a great decline of trust, it's a very widespread belief.
The second one is a goal: we should have more trust.
And the third one is a task: we should recover trust.
I think the math, the target, and task has been interested.
What I'm going to try to tell you today is a different story about a calculation, a target and a task, which I think gives a more clear idea about the subject.
First of all, why do people think that trust has decreased?
And if I think about the basis of my own evidence, I don't know the answer.
I'm inclined to think that it may have declined in some activities or institutions, and that might have increased in others.
I don't have it clear.
But I can turn to the polls of opinion, and the opinion polls are supposedly the source of the belief that trust has decreased.
When you look at opinion surveys over time, there's not a lot of evidence of it.
I mean, the people that were described 20 years ago, mostly journalists and politicians, continue to inspire the same mistrust.
And the people who were very reliable 20 years ago is still quite reliable: judges, nurses.
The rest of us are in the middle, and by the way, the average citizen on the street is almost exactly halfway.
But is this evidence?
What opinion polls are, of course, opinions.
What else can you record?
What you see is the generic attitudes that people manifest when they ask them certain questions.
Do you trust the politicians? Trust the teachers?
Now, if someone would ask you,``Trust the vegetables?
Do you trust the fishermen?
Do you trust the primary teachers? ''
You probably start by asking,``To do what? ''
And that would be a very sensible answer.
And you might say, when you answered your question,``Well, trust me in some, but in others not . ''
It's very rational.
Ultimately, in real life, we tend to deposit trust differently.
We don't assume that the level of trust we're going to feel for a certain kind of official, a function or a person, is going to be uniform in all cases.
I could, for example, say I trust a certain primary teacher that I know to give the kind of reading, but in any way to drive the school mic.
After all, I could know that it wasn't a good driver.
I could trust my most crazy friend to keep a conversation, but no, maybe, to keep a secret.
Simple.
And if we've got those evidence in our everyday lives in the way that trust is different, why do we leave all that knowledge when we think about trust more abstract?
I think that polls are very bad tools to measure the real level of real trust, because they try to get the good judgment in the fact to trust something or someone.
Secondly, what about the goal?
The goal is to have more trust.
Frankly, I think it's a stupid goal.
It's not the target I'm going to pursue.
I would have more trust in what it is, but not what it is.
Ultimately, I'm not to trust what's not reliable.
And I think those people who deposited their savings with the very carefully named Mr. Madoff, who then disappeared with them, I think about them, and I think, well, they were too confident.
Having more trust is not an intelligent goal in this life.
It's deposited or denied with intelligence, that's the right target.
Once you say, yes, yeah, it means that what matters in first place is not trust, but trustworthiness.
What's about making a judgment about how reliable people are in particular ways.
And I think in order to make a judgment, we're forced to focus on three things.
Are you competent? Are you honest? Are you responsible?
And if we find that a person is competent in the permanent materials, and it's responsible and honest, then we'll have a very good reason to trust it, because it's going to be worthy of trust.
But if, in contrast, they're not responsible, we couldn't trust them.
I have friends who are competent and honest, but I won't trust them to take a letter to the mail, because they're forgotten.
I have friends who are very sure that they can do certain things, but I see that they overestimate their own competition.
And I'm very happy to say that I think I don't have a lot of friends who are competent and responsible but extremely dishonest.
If it's like this, I still haven't paid myself.
But that's what we're looking for: trustworthiness before trust.
The trust is the answer.
trustworthiness is what we have to judge.
And, of course, it's hard.
In the last decades, we've tried to build accountability systems for all kinds of institutions, professionals, officials and so on, that made us easier to judge their confidence.
Many of those systems have had the opposite effect.
They don't work as they should.
I remember once I was talking to a piece, and he said,``Well, you see, the problem is that it takes more time to make the administrative paper than to attend the part itself . ''
And we found the same problem in all of our public life, and institutional, that the accountability system that's destined to guarantee trust and trust testing is actually doing the opposite.
What they're doing is the work of people who have to do hard tasks, like the parts, demand that``shaped the boxes ,"as we say.
I'm sure you all know similar examples.
All of that, for the target.
I think the goal should be more trustworthiness, and that things would be different if we try to be worthy of trust and we will convey to the people that we're trustworthy and if we try to determine whether other people, officials or politicians are worthy of trust.
It's not easy . It's judgment, simple actions, attitudes, which is not done properly.
Third, task.
To call the task rebuild trust, put things back into the back.
It suggests that you and I should rebuild trust.
Well, we can do it with ourselves.
We can reconstruct the trustworthiness.
We can do it if they're two people, together, trying to improve trust.
But trust, in definition, is distinctive because we get other people.
You can't reconstruct what other people have given you.
You have to give them enough bases so they can trust you.
You have to be worthy of trust.
And that, of course, is because you can't cheat, usually to all people, all the time.
But you also have to provide a lot of a demonstration that you're worthy of trust.
How do you do that?
That's done every day, everywhere, the common people, the officials, the institutions, very effectively.
I'll give you a simple commercial example.
The store where I buy my socks says I can return them without giving explanation.
I take them up and get my money back, or they change them for the color that I want.
That's great . Trust them because they became vulnerable to me.
I think there's a great lesson on that.
If you get vulnerable to the other part, that's a very good proof that you're worthy of trust and you have trust on what you're saying.
So, at the end, I believe that what we're pointing is not very difficult to draw.
What people rely on is relationships, and in that framework, they can determine when and how the other person is worthy of trust.
Thank you.
From the beginning of computers, we have been striving to reduce the separation between us and the digital information, the separation between our material world and the world of the screen in which imagination can be cracked.
This separation has been reducing, increasingly and more, at such a point that today is less than one millimeter, the thickness of a tactile screen, and the power of computing has become accessible to everybody.
But I wonder, and wouldn't there be barriers?
I started imagining what it would be like.
First, I created this tool that is in digital space, so that when the strong oppressed against the screen transfers its physical body to pixels.
Designers can kill their ideas directly in 3D, and surgeons can practice with virtual organs underneath the screen.
So with this tool, the barriers are breaking.
But the two hands remain still out of the screen.
How do you get inside and interact with digital information using all the dexterity of your hands?
In the speed of Science applied in Microsoft, along with my mentor Catassa Bollywood, I redesigned the computer and transformed a little space on the keyboard in a digital work of work.
combining a transparent bombsight with depth cameras to detect the fingers and face, now you can raise your hands of the keyboard, get into 3D space, and grab pictures directly with your hands.
As windows and archives have a location in real space, select them is as easy as to grab a book of a shelf.
You can pick up the book and highlight lines or words with the virtual tactile sensor that's below every floating screen.
Architects can stretch or rotate their models directly with hands.
In these examples, we are in the digital world.
What if we invest the papers and make digital information come to us?
Surely, a lot of us will have bought and turn things on the Internet.
Now that doesn't have to worry about.
What I have here is a virtual test on the Internet.
This is the vision that you get from a mounted device in your head or translucent when the system understands the geometry of your body.
If we take this idea further, I thought, instead of just seeing pixels in space, how can we make them physical so that we can touch them and feel it?
How would a future like that?
At the MIT Media Lab with my tutor Hiroshi Ishii and my collaborator Regard Post, we created this only physical pixel.
This spherical magnet is behaving as a pixel in 3D in space, which means that both the computer as users can move the object anywhere within this little three-dimensional space.
Similarly, what we did was the gravity and control movement through a combination of magnetic levitation, mechanical and detectors.
And when we digitally program the object, we release it from time constraints and space, which means human movements can be recorded and back back and forever in the physical world.
You can teach them physically and distance and famous Michael Jordan's famous takes can be reproduce as a physical reality the times we wanted.
Students can use it as a tool to understand complicated concepts like the movement of planets, the physics, and unlike monitors or textbooks, this is a real and palpable experience that you can touch and feel . It's very powerful.
But what's more fascinating to change the physical part of the computer is to imagine how to program the world is going to change our everyday physical activities.
As you see, digital information will not only show us something, but to start acting directly about us as part of the physical world around us without having to disconnect ourselves from our world.
We started the talk today talking about a barrier, but if we suppress that barrier, the only limit that's left is our imagination.
Thank you.
I was trained to become a gym for two years in Honolulu, China, in the 1970s . ''
When I was in the first grade, the government wanted to transfer to a school for athletes with all expenses paid.
But my tiger mother said,``No . ''
My parents wanted me to become engineering, like them.
After surviving the Cultural Revolution, they firmly believed that there was only a zero path towards happiness: a safe and remarkable work.
No matter if the work I'd like or not.
But my dream was to be a Chinese opera singer.
This was me, in my imaginary piano.
A opera singer must start training from very young people to learn the accidents, so I tried everything I could to go to the opera school.
Until I wrote the school director, and the president of a radio program.
But no adults would thank the idea.
No adult took me seriously.
Only my friends supported me, but they were children, without authority, like me.
So, at the age of 15, I knew it was too much bigger to train.
My dream will never be done.
feared, that during the rest of my life, a second class happiness was the only thing I could aspire to.
And this was so unfair.
So I solved looking for another vocation.
No one around me wanted to teach me? Okay.
It took the books.
[" Complex Workshops"] [`` The Listeners of The History"] [`` The History"] I came to America in 1995, and what were the first books that I read here?
Those who were banned in China, of course.
\" The Great Earth"is about Chinese capital life.
And it's not necessarily propaganda.
The Bible is interesting, but odd.
That's a topic for another day.
But the fifth commandment for me was a revelation:``Hones to your father and your mother . ''
\" honor ,"I said,``It's so different, and much better than obey . ''
So it became my tool to get out of this confidence trap and to reinvent the relationship with my parents.
The encounter with a new culture also gave place to my comparative reading habit.
It's a lot of perspective.
For example, at the beginning, this map seemed to me, because this is what students in China learn.
I had never happened, that China didn't have to be in the center of the world.
A map involves the perspective of people.
comparative reading is not new.
It's a common practice in the academic world.
There are to research camps as a comparative religion and comparative literature.
Comparing and contrast, it offers academics a deeper understanding of a subject.
And I thought that if the comparative reading worked to research, why not do it in everyday life?
So I started reading books from two.
You can treat people [`` Benjamin Franklin"by Walter Islands] [`` John Adams'"] [`` John Adams"] that they were involved in one case, or friends with shared experiences.
For the Christ, the temptation are economic, political and spiritual.
For the Buddha, they're all psychological: lust, fear and social duty -- interesting.
If you know another language, it's also fun to read your favorite books in two languages.
[" The Road of Channels Than"[" The Road of The Tower ,"instead of losing me in translation, found that you can win a lot of it.
For example, it's through the translation that I realized that``happiness"in Chinese literally means``fast joy . ''
And``girlfriend"in Chinese, literally means``new mother . ''
The books opened me a magic door to connect with people from the past and the present.
I know that I would not be able to feel alone or impossible never.
Having a destroyed dream really isn't compared to what many other people have suffered.
I've come to believe that reality is not the only purpose of a dream.
Their most important purpose is to connect to the place that dreams come from, where passion comes from, where happiness comes from.
Even a destructive dream can do that for you.
And it's because of the books, which I'm here today, happy, living again with purpose and clarity, most of the time.
So the books always accompanied them.
Thank you.
Thank you very much.
When I was in my 20s, I saw my first client of psychotherapy.
I was a medical student in Berkeley in Berkeley.
She was a 26 year-old woman named Alex.
Alex went into the first session using cowboy and an Huli tone, and he ran into the couch of my office, and he said he wanted to talk about his problems with men.
When I heard this, I felt so relieved.
My classmates had a pond as a first client.
And I got a versis that I wanted to talk about men.
I thought I could handle it.
But I didn't.
With the nice stories that Alex brought to the sessions, he was easy to just move the head while we were back the solution.
\" The tribes are the new Friday ,"`` Alex ,"and so I saw, she was right.
You start working later, you're home after, you have kids later, until death goes after.
For veterans like Alex and I, there was the time of it.
But shortly after, my supervisor press me to press Alex to talk about his loving life.
I was resistant.
I said,``Of course, it's coming out with guys under your category, it takes up with a dead head, but it's not like it's going to marry him . ''
And then my supervisor said,``No, but maybe you marry the next one.
Also, the best time to work on Alex's marriage is before it's married . ''
This is what psychologists call a moment``Aha! ''
It was when I realized that the 30 is not the new 20.
Yes, people feel head after what they used, but it didn't make the 20 of Alex in their development.
This made the 20th of Alex the perfect time, and we were wasting it.
So I realized, that this kind of benign recklessness was a real problem, and it had real consequences, not just for Alex and his loving life, but for the careers, the families and the futures of veterans everywhere.
There are 50 million eggs in the United States today.
This means 15 percent of the population, or 100 percent if they consider that no one comes to adulthood without going on before in the 1980s.
Hands up if you're in your 20s.
I want to see the vits here.
Oh, yeah! They're amazing.
If you work with veterinarians, you love a seal, you remove the sleep, I want to see . It's okay . It's okay . It's okay . It's right.
This is not just my opinion . These are the facts.
We know that 80 percent of the key moments in life will happen at 35 years.
This means that eight of every 10 decisions and experiences and times``Aha!"that shape your life will have happened for when you have 30 and so.
People from more than 40, not in panic.
This audience is going to be right, I think.
We know that the first 10 years of a race have an exponential impact about how much money they will win.
We know more than half Americans are married, they live or they're coming out with their future partner at the age of 30.
We know that the brain ends its second and last stage of growth in its 20s and reprogramming for adulthood, which means that if there's something that they want to change themselves, now is the moment to change it.
We know that personality changes more times during their 20s than at any time in life, and we know that female fertility comes to its top at 28, and things become complicated at 35.
The 20 are the time to educate on their body and their options.
When we think about the developing of the child, we all know that the first five years are crucial for language and attachment in the brain.
It's a moment in which its everyday and common life has an impact on the person who will become.
But what we don't often hear is that there's something called adult development, and our 20 is a critical moment in adult development.
But this is not what the travelers are listening.
The newspapers talk about changes on the timeline of adulthood.
The researchers call the 20, an extended adolescence.
The journalists are called ridiculous names of the veterinarians like``toxics"and``hydrogen . ''
It's true.
As a culture, we've considered a triviality that is actually the decade that defines adulthood.
Leonardo Bernstein said that to achieve big things, you need a plan and not enough time.
Isn't it?
What do you think happens when you give you a pat on your head and say,``Do you have another 10 years to start your life? ''
Nothing happens.
They stole that person the sense of urgency and ambition, and it's absolutely nothing.
And then every day, intelligent, interesting, interesting ones like you or your children and daughters come to my office and say something like that,``I know my boyfriend is not good for me, but this relationship doesn't tell . I'm just killing time . ''
Or they say,``Everybody says that while I start a career before 30, everything will be fine . ''
But then it starts to sound something like this:``My 20 are about to finish, I still have nothing to show.
I had better curriculum the day I graduated from college . ''
And then he starts sound like this:``My quotes during the ages were like the game of the chairs.
They all run and get fun, but then at some point around 30, the music went off and they all started sitting.
I didn't want to be the only one that would stay stop, so sometimes I think I married my husband because he was the nearest chair when I was 30 . ''
Where are the windows here?
Don't do that.
Well, that sounds a little bit extreme, but it's not wrong, the risks are very high.
When you leave a lot of things for the 1930s, there's a huge pressure to the 30s and so many of them to start a race, choose a city, choose a mate, and have two or three children in a much more short time period.
Many of these things are not compatible, and there are research that starts to show, which is much more difficult and stressful to do everything at the same time.
The middle-aged crisis crisis is not about buying red sports cars.
It's about realizing that you can't have the career you want now.
realizing you can't have the son you want now, or you can't give a brother to your son.
A lot of triangles and quarters see themselves, and me, sitting in the room, and they talk about their 20,``What was I doing? What was I thinking? ''
I want to change what the travelers are doing and thinking.
Here's a story about how it might be.
It's a story about a woman called Emma.
At 25, Emma came to my office because he was, in his own words, having an identity crisis.
He said he would like to work in art or entertainment, but he couldn't be decided, so he spent the last few years working as a result.
As I was cheaper, I lived with a boyfriend that showed more temporarily than ambition.
And in spite of living about 20 very difficult, their previous life had been even harder.
He was often crying in our sessions, but then she was lifted himself by saying,``You don't choose your family, but you can choose your friends . ''
Well, one day Emma came up put his head on his legs and cried for almost every hour.
I had just bought a new book for direct, and it had spent the whole morning by filling it with his many contacts, but then you've been seeing the empty space that follows after the words,``In case, please call...''
I was at the point of the story when he saw me and said,``Who's going to be for me if I have a car accident?
Who's going to take care of me if you give me cancer? ''
At that time, I was a lot of work to resist and not say,``I . ''
What Emma needed was not a therapy that was really worried.
Emma needed a better life, and I knew this was their opportunity.
I had learned a lot since I worked with Alex to just sit while the decisive decade of Emma was in front.
So, for the next weeks and months, I told Emma three things that all vitamin, man or woman, deserves to know.
First, I told Emma that he would forget that identity crisis and he got identity capital.
For identity capital, I mean doing something that adds value to your person.
So doing something that is an investment in what they want to be later.
I didn't know the Emma career future, and nobody knows the future of work, but I know this: identity capital generates identity capital.
So now it's time for that work on the other side of the country, from that inner, of that company that they want to test.
I'm not discovering the exploration, I'm discovering the exploration that I shouldn't tell, which, by the way, is not exploration.
It's prediction.
I said to Emma that I would explore jobs and make them count.
Second, I told Emma that urban tribes are overwhelmed.
The best friends are great to bring them to the airport, but the veterinarians who come together with friends with similar minds are limited in the whom they know, what they know, how they think, how they talk, and where they work.
That new piece of capital, that new person who will come out almost always comes from outside of their closest circle.
The new things come from what's called weak links from friends of their friends.
Yes, half of the travelers have a bad job or they don't have work.
But the other half no, and weak bonds are the way to collapse to this group.
Half of the jobs created never published, then, knowing the head of your neighbor is the way you get a job not published.
It's not cheating . It's the science of how information is happening.
For the last but not least, Emma believed that you don't choose your family, but I know your friends.
This was true when I was growing up, but as a candle, Emma soon choose his family, when he has a couple and shape his own family.
I told Emma that time to choose his family had come.
Maybe you think that the 30 is better age to sit head than 20 or even 25 and agree with you.
But I'll choose the person that you live with now or advised you now when you all on Facebook start walking towards the altar is not progress.
The best time to work on your marriage is before you have, and that involves being so interesting in love as you are at work.
Choosing your family must be a conscious choice of who and what you want instead of just making it work or killing your time with whoever you choose you.
So what happened to Emma?
Well, we checked that director, and she found the roommate of a cousin that worked in an art museum in another state.
This weak link helped him get a job there.
That work supply gave him a reason to leave the boyfriend that he lived with.
Now, five years later, it's special organizations of events in museums.
This case with a man who chose consciously.
He loves his new career, love his new family, and he sent me a letter that said,``Now the emergency contact spaces are not big enough . ''
Emma's story may sound easy, but that's what I love about working with veterinarians.
It's very easy to help you.
The veterinarians are like planes that come out of Los Angeles airport, which goes somewhere in the west.
Just before the takeoff, a slight fit in its trajectory makes the difference between landing in Alaska or in Fiji.
In the same way, at 21 or 25 and 25, and even in the 29, a good conversation, a good describe, a good TED Talk can have huge effects in the next years or even in the next generations.
Here's my idea of spreading all the veterinarians that you know.
It's as simple as what I learned to tell Alex.
It's what I've got the privilege of telling people like Emma every day: The traffickers are not the new 20, they'll get their adult, they get identity capital, they use their weak ties, they choose your family.
They don't let them define so they didn't know or what they did.
They're deciding their life today.
Thank you.
When I was 27 years old, I left a very picky job in generic consulting for a job that was even more demanding: the document.
I went to teaching students of seventh degrees in the public schools in New York.
And as any teacher, I applied exams and testing.
I give you tasks.
When the work comes back, it calculated the ratings.
What I called the attention was that the I.Q . was not the only difference between my best and worst students.
Some of the people who had a better performance didn't have an I.Q . score.
Some of my smartest kids weren't going so well.
And that got me thinking.
The kind of thing you need to learn in math in seventh grade, secure, are difficult: ratios, the area of a parallel.
But these concepts are not impossible, and I was very convinced that each of my students could learn the lesson if they worked hard and during time enough.
After several more years, I came to the conclusion that what we need in education is a better understanding of students and learning from a motivation perspective, from a psychological perspective.
In education, the only thing we know how to measure the better way to measure.
It's the CIA, but what if we succeed in school and in life depends much more than ability to learn in a fast and easy way?
So I left the classrooms and I went to college to become a psychologist.
I started studying kids and adults in all sorts of challenging scenarios, and in every study my question was, who's successful here and why?
My research team and I went to the military West Point.
We tried to predict what causes in military training and who would be retired.
We went to the National Telescope of Delight, and we tried to predict what children will advance as far as possible in competition.
We studied novel teachers working in really difficult neighborhoods, wondering what teachers still will be teaching for the end of the school and those, who will be the most effective to improve their students's learning?
We partnered with private companies, wondering, which of these marketers are going to maintain their jobs?
And who's going to make more money?
In all those very different contexts, there was a feature as an important prediction of success.
And it wasn't social intelligence.
It wasn't the good appearance, the physical health and it wasn't the I.Q.
It was the determination.
determination is passion and perseverance to reach very long-term goals.
determination is to have resistance.
determination is clinging to its future, day after day, not just a week, not just for the month, but for years and working really hard to make that future a reality.
The determination is to live life as if it's a marathon, not a race at all speed.
A few years ago, I started studying determination in the public schools of Chicago.
I asked thousands of high school students to do my determination questionnaires and then wait about over a year to see who they graduate.
It turns out that the children with more determination had significantly higher likely to graduate, even when I packaged them in every feature that I could measure, things like family income, even the security that children felt when they were in school.
So it's not only in West Point or at the National Congestion of Delight in which determination matters, and it's also in school, especially for children in risk.
For me, the most powerful thing about determination is how little we know, how little it knows about its development.
Every day, parents and teachers ask me,``How do you develop determination in children?
What do I have to do to teach children a little ethical job?
How do I keep them for the long term? ''
The most honest answer is: I don't know . What I do know is that talent doesn't give them determination.
Our data shows very clearly that there are many talented individuals that simply don't keep ahead with their commitments.
In fact, in our data, the common determination is not related or even related to talent measurements.
So far, the best idea I've ever heard about developing the determination in children is something called growth mindset.
This is an idea developed at Stanford University by Carol Duke, and it's the belief that ability to learn is not fixed, that it can change with effort.
Dr. Doaa has shown that when children read and learn about the brain and how it changes and growing in response to the challenge, they're much more likely to perceive when they fail, because they don't think that failure is a permanent condition.
So growth mindset is a great idea to develop determination.
But we need more.
And that's where I end my speech, because that's where we are.
That's the work we have in front.
We need to take our best ideas, our stronger intuitions, and we need to test them.
We need to measure if they've been successful, and we need to be willing to fail, to write, to start all again with the lessons learned.
In other words, we need to be determined about making our kids more determined.
Thank you.
Growing up in Taiwan as a daughter's daughter, one of my most frightening memories is my mother, showing the beauty, the shape and the figure of Chinese characters.
From that moment, I was amazed by this incredible language.
But for a foreigner, it seems as unpredictable as the Great Wall China.
In the last few years, I've been wondering if I can remove this wall, so that I want to understand and appreciate the beauty of this sophisticated language can do it.
I started thinking about how a new and fast method of learning Chinese could be useful.
Since I was five years old, I started learning how to draw each of the strokes of every character in the right sequence.
I learned new characters every day for the next 15 years.
Since we have only five minutes, it's better than we do it in a faster and simple way.
A Chinese academic will understand 20,000 characters.
You just need a thousand to understand basic literacy.
The first 200 will allow you to understand 40 percent of the basic literature, enough to read traffic signals, menus of restaurants, understand the basic idea of websites or newspapers.
Today to start with eight to show you how the method works.
Are you ready?
You open your mouth as much as you can as you can until it's square.
They get a mouth.
This is a person who's going to give a walk.
People.
If the form of fire is a person with arms on both sides, as if it's screaming in a French way,``Auctional! I'm burning!"This symbol is actually original of the shape of the call, but I like to believe that it's in the other way, which works.
This is a tree.
tree.
This is a mountain.
The sun.
The moon.
The symbol of the door looks like a pair of door doors in the old west.
I call these eight characters.
They're building blocks to create many more characters.
One person.
If someone walks back, that's``follow . ''
As the old said, two are company, three are crowd.
If one person stretched their arms, this person is saying,``It was that big . ''
The person inside the mouth, the person is trapped.
It's a prisoner, like Jonas inside the whale.
A tree is a tree . Two trees together, we have a forest.
Three trees together, we also have the forest.
Put a board under the tree, you have the foundations.
Put a mouth on the tree, that's a``idiot ."Easy to remember, because a whole tree is quite an idiot.
Remember the fire?
Two fires together, it's very hot.
Three fire together, that's a lot of flames.
Put the fire under the two trees, that's burning.
For us, the sun is the source of prosperity.
Two suns together, prosperous.
Three together, those are flash.
Put the sun and the moon shining together, that's the brightness.
It also means tomorrow, after one day and a night.
The sun comes out on the horizon . sunrise.
A door . Put a board inside the door, is the currency of the door.
Put a mouth inside the door, ask questions.
Tom, did you have someone at home?
This person is coming out of a door, climbing, avoiding.
On the left, we have a woman.
Two women together, they're discussing.
Three women together, have care is adult.
So we've already gone through almost 30 characters.
By using this method, the first eight radical eight will allow them to build 32.
The next eight characters will build another 32.
So with every little effort, you'll be able to learn a couple of hundreds of characters, which is the same thing you learn an eight-year-old Chinese.
So after knowing the characters, we started creating sentences.
For example, the mountain and the fire together, we have a fire mountain . It's a volcano.
We know that Japan is the Earth's land.
This is a sun placed with the origin, because Japan is east of China.
So a sun next to the origin, we created Japan.
One person behind Japan, what do we have?
A Japanese person.
The character on the left are two mountains attached one over the other.
In the ancient China, that meant in exile, because Chinese entrepreneurs would destroy their political enemies beyond mountains.
Today, exile has become.
A mouth that tells you where to come out is a exit.
This is a slide to remind me that I should stop talking and down the stage . Thank you.
What I prefer to be dad is the movies that I get to see.
I love sharing my favorite movies with my kids, and when my daughter was four, we saw the Oz magician together.
The film dominated his imagination for months.
His favorite character was Goliath, of course.
He gave a good excuse to use a bright dress and bring a magic wand.
But when you see that film so many times, you get to understand that it's extraordinary.
We now live and raise our children in a kind of industrial fantasy show.
However, Oz's magician was an event in itself.
It didn't start that trend.
The trend really took over a quarter years later with, interestingly, another film whose protagonist, a metal boy and a wire kid rescued a girl dressed as an enemy guard.
You know what I'm talking about? Yes.
There's a big difference between these two films, there's a couple of big differences between the Oz magician and all the movies that we see today.
One is that there's very little violence in the Oz magician.
monkeys are pretty aggressive, like apples.
But I think that if the Wizard magician did today, the magician would say,``Dorothy, you're the salvation of Oz as the prophecy predicted.
You use magic shoes to defeat the computer of the evil bubble.
But that's not what happens.
Another unique thing about Oz's magician is that the most heroic, wise and even videos are women.
I started noticing this when I made Star Wars to my daughter, a few years later, and the situation was different.
At that time, I also had a son.
It's just three years old.
It wasn't invited to the projection because it was still very small for that.
But it was the second child, and the level of supervision had gone down . So he was delicate in the room, and he was impressed as a mom leg with his backyard behind, and I don't think he would understand what was going on, but unfortunately, she absorbs everything.
I wonder what it is.
Would you be issues of value, perseverance and loyalty?
Would you have the sense that Luke is one to an army to defeat the government?
Let's compare this with the Oz magician of 1993.
How do you win your movie?
making good friends with everyone and being a leadership.
It's the kind of world that I want my kids to grow, OK, and not a world of men who fight, which is where we are.
Why is there so much force, F capital, force in the movies for our children, and so little on the yellow brick path?
There's a lot of literature about the impact of male violence movies in girls, and they should read it . It's very good.
I haven't read so much about how kids react to this stimulus.
I know for experience that the law princess is not providing the right framework that would have served me to navigate around the world of adults that is a mystery . I think at the time of the first kiss, I really expected the credit to start to appear, because it's the end of the movie, right?
My search has finished, I have girlfriend.
Why are you going there?
I don't know what I should do.
The movies are focused on defeat the villain and getting their reward, and they don't leave time for other relationships or other adventures.
It's almost as if being a child, you have to be a stupid animal, and if you're a girl, you have to use a warrior suit.
There are many exceptions, and it's going to defend the Disney princess to any of you.
But they send a message to children, even though they, kids, are not really their goal public.
They do a phenomenal job when they teach girls how to defend the patriarchy, but they don't necessarily show kids how to defend the patriarchy.
There's no model for them.
We also have some big women who write new stories for our children, so real and lovely like Herbie and Katie, but they don't stop being movies of war.
Of course, the most successful subject of all time continues in classical after classical after classical, every one of them about the adventures of a child or a man, or two men who are friends, or a man and his son, or two men who make a girl.
Until, as many of you are thinking, this year, I finally came out.
I recommend all of you . It's already available in stores.
Remember what the critic said when courageous came out?
I can't believe that Pixar has made a movie of a princess.
It's very good . Don't let that stop!
Well, almost none of these films happens the Beck test.
I don't know if you heard about this.
It's still not taken roots and it already spreads, but maybe we'll start a movement.
Alisa Beck is a comic comic book, and in the middle of the 1980s, I recorded a conversation that I had with a friend about the evaluation of the movies that you saw.
And it's very simple . There are only three questions that you need to be done: in the movie, more than a female character than you have lines?
So, you have to fulfill the requirement.
Are these women talk to each other at some point in the movie?
Their conversations are about something else about the kid that they like? Okay? Thank you . Thank you very much.
Two women who exist and talk about things each other.
It happens . I've seen it, and yet very rarely I see it in the film that we know and love.
In fact, this week I went to see a very good quality film, Archie.
Right? Okay, Sora of Oscar, tactic success, a consensus idea of what a Hollywood film film is.
Pretty much, it doesn't happen from Beck.
And I don't think it should, because a lot of the film, I don't know if you've seen it, a lot of the film happens in an embassy where men and women are hide during the hostage crisis.
We have a lot of scenes of men who have deep and painful conversations in this hide, and it's the great moment for one of the actors to take a look at the door and say,``You go to bed, honey? ''
This is Hollywood.
So let's look at the numbers.
In 2011, the most popular movies, how many of them think they have female professionals?
It's wrong . It's not bad.
It's not the same percentage that the number of women we have recently chosen for Congress, then it's okay.
But there's a bigger number that's going to be disappointed this room.
Last year, The New York Times published a study that the government had done.
This is what I said.
In the United States, one in five women say that it's been sexually assaulted ever in their life.
I don't think it's the guilt of massive entertainment.
I don't think the movies for children have something to do with that.
I don't think that music videos or pornography are closely linked, but something wrong, and when I hear that statistic, one of the things I think is that there's a huge amount of sexual scripts.
Who are those guys? What are they learning?
What don't you learn?
Are you taking the story that says that the role of a male hero is to defeat the villain with violence and then charge the reward, which is a woman who doesn't have friends and doesn't talk?
Are we taking that story?
You know, as a father with the privilege of raising a daughter like those of you who are doing the same thing, we find this world and this very alarming statistic and we want to prepare them.
We've got tools to our disposal as a spin of power, and we hope that that will help, but I have to ask the power to be able to protect them if, at the same time, active or passively, are we educating our children to keep their male power?
I mean, I think the Netflix list is a way of doing something really important, and here I mean primarily to parents.
I think we have to show our children a new definition of man.
The definition of masculinity is radically changing.
You'll have read about how new economy is changing the role of the home and the asylum.
Everything is changing.
When I asked my daughter, what was his favorite character of Star Wars, they know what he answered?
Obama.
Obama Kennedy and Goliath.
What are these two?
Maybe it's not just bright dress.
I think they're experts.
I think these are the two people in those movies that they know more than anyone, and they love to share their knowledge with other people to help them reach their potential.
They are leaders.
I like that kind of stories for my daughter, and I like that kind of stories for my son.
I want more stories like that.
I want fewer stories in which my child is told: Go and fight only and more stories where his job is to join a team, maybe a team led by women, help other people improve and be better people, like Oz magician.
Thank you.
As a child, I lived in Maine and one of the things I liked most of that was to look for sea cookies on the shores of Maine because my parents told me that that would give me luck.
But you know, it's hard to find these shells.
They're covered with sand, and it's hard to see them.
However, over time, I used to look for them.
I started to see shapes and patterns that helped me connect them.
This became a passion for finding things, in a love for the past and the archaeology.
And finally when I started studying Egyptian, I realized that I saw my own eyes not enough.
Because, suddenly, in Egypt, my little beach in Maine had grown up to one of almost 5,000 miles long with the Nile.
And my sea cookies had grown to the size of cities.
This is really what led me to use satellite images.
To try to make a map of the past, I knew it had to see another way.
I want to show you an example of how different we see by using infrared.
This is a place that was located in the eastern front of Egypt called Beijing.
And the place, to simple sight, seems to be brown, but when we use infrared and we process it using false color, suddenly the place looks like bright pink.
What you're seeing is the actual chemical changes of the landscape caused by the construction materials and the activities of ancient Egyptians.
I want to share with you how we've used satellite data to find an ancient Egyptian city, called Italian, lost for thousands of years.
Italian was the ancient Egypt capital for more than 400 years in a period of time called the Middle Empire about 4,000 years ago.
The place is located in El Francisco, Egypt, and it's really important because in the Middle Empire, there was this great renaissance of ancient Egyptian art, architecture and religion.
The Egyptians have always known that Italy was located somewhere near the pyramid of the two kings that built them, indicated within the red circles here, but somewhere within this huge aluminum plant.
This area is enormous, it's about 6.5 miles per mile.
Before, the Nile Run right next to the Italian side, and as it changed over time, it moved to the east and covered the entire city.
So how do you find a city locked in an extensive landscape?
I'm going to try to find a chance that would be the equivalent of looking for a needle in a haystack, with the eyes sold and using baseball gloves.
So we use NASA graphics data to make a map of the place, with very subtle changes.
We could see where the Nile flows.
But you can see more closely, and it's even more interesting, this slightly elevated area that you see within the circle here, which we think could be the location of Italy.
So we collaborated with Egyptian scientists doing show jobs; you can see it here.
When I say show, it's like the sample shots in ice, but instead of layers of climate change, we look for human occupation layers.
Five feet below, under a thick layer of mud, we find a dense layer of ceramics.
This means that in this possible location of Italian, five feet below, we have a layer of occupation for several hundreds of years that do the Middle Empire, exactly the same period that we think is Italian.
We also found the job of orders -- corner, quartz and cat; what shows that there was a jewelry workshop.
This might seem that it's not a lot, but when we think about the most common stones used in the jewelry of the Middle Empire, these are the stones that were used.
So, we have a dense layer of occupation that data from the Middle Empire in this place.
We also have evidence from a elite jewelry workshop that shows that what's been there, it was a very important city.
We don't find Italian here, but we'll go back to the place in a near future to locate it.
And even more importantly, we have the resources to engage young Egyptians in the use of satellite technology so that they can also make great discoveries.
I want to finish with my favorite quote from the Middle Empire, it's probably written in Italy 4,000 years ago.
sharing knowledge is the biggest of all volunteers.
There's nothing like that on Earth.
So apparently, TED wasn't founded in 1984.
It makes ideas happen really began in 1984 to C in a lost city not for a long time and found from the high.
It certainly puts the search for marine shells in perspective.
Thank you very much.
Thank you.
I want to invite you to close your eyes.
Imagine standing outside, in front of the door of the house.
I want you to pay attention to the color of the door, to the material that it's done.
Now you visualize a group of obese nodes in bicycle.
They're competing in a bike bike race and they go to their front door.
I need you to see this really.
They're running strong, they're sweating, they're jumping out a lot.
And they collide against the door of their house.
There are bicycles flying everywhere, wheels that go on the side, rays of the wheels that end up in absurd places . They pass the door threshold.
To the lobby, to the hallway, or what there are on the other side of the door, and look at the quality of light, light shining on the Gulf of the crackers.
You're waving them with your hand.
From his chair, on a brown horse.
It's a horse that speaks.
You can feel your blue fur making them tickle in your nose.
You can smell the oats of oats and you're about to get in your mouth.
They pass on the side and train their living room.
In the room, and making maximum use of his imagination, imagine Britney Spears.
It's with a little clothes, dancing on its center, singing,``Hey, I was Baby One More Time . ''
Now let's go to cooking.
The ground has been coated with a yellow brick path, and from the oven, they come to you Dorothy, the Molary Man, the Spanish and the lion of``The Wizard of Oz ,"the lines of hands, jumping into you.
Okay . Open your eyes.
I want to tell you about a peculiar competition that takes every spring in New York.
It's called the Medicine championships of the United States.
I went to cover this event a few years ago as a scientific journalist, waiting, I guess, that this was like the end of a wise superconductor.
There were several men and a few ladies of different ages and different hygiene habits.
They were memorizing hundreds of random numbers, looking at them just once.
Membrane the names of dozens and dozens of strangers.
They memorize entire poems in just minutes.
They compete to see who could memorize the order of a nose deck.
And I thought,``This is amazing . ''
These people have to be phenomena of nature.
And I started talking to some of the competitors.
This one, it's a man named Ed Cook who had come from England and has one of the best trained memories.
And I said,``Ed, when did you realize you were a wise? ''
Ed replied,``I am not a wise.
Actually, I have an average memory.
Everyone who's involved in this competition says they have normal memory.
\" We've trained ourselves to perform these miraculous memory acts using some ancient techniques, invented 2,500 years ago in Greece, the same techniques that were used by Cicero to memorize their speeches, and that medieval academics used to memorize entire books . ''
And my reaction was,``Wow . How didn't I heard about this before? ''
We were standing outside the room of competition, and Ed, who is a wonderful and brilliant English, although a little bit of a stranger, said,``Josh, you are an American journalist.
You know Britney Spears? ''
And I said,``What? No, why?
\" Because I'd like to teach Britney Spears how to memorize order in a live nest deck, in national television.
That would prove to the world that anybody can do it . ''
And I said,``Well, I'm not Britney Spears, but maybe you can teach me.
I mean, you have to start with something not? ''
And that was the beginning of a very strange journey for me.
It ended up spending most of the next year not only training my memory, but also researching it, trying to understand how it works, why it doesn't sometimes work and what its potential can be.
I met a lot of really interesting people.
This is a man called E. .
He's an amazing, very likely with the worst memory in the world.
His memory was so bad that I didn't even remember that he had a memory problem; it's awesome.
Somebody incredibly tragic, but it was a window that allowed us to see how far our memory makes us who we are.
On the other end of the spectrum I met this man.
This is Kim Pete . He was based for Justine Hoffman's paper in the movie``Rain Man . ''
We spent one afternoon together in the public library of Salt Lake City, memorizing phone guides; it was center.
And when you go back, you've got a number of the written memory in the written memory about 2,000 years ago in Latin, in the ancient and then in the Middle Ages.
And I learned a lot of really interesting things.
One of the most interesting things I learned is that there was a time when this idea of being trained, disciplined and cultured was not a weird thing as you can see today.
Now, a long time ago, people invest in their memory, to deliberately provide their minds.
These techniques have done our modern world, but they've also changed us.
They've changed us culturally, and I would say that they've changed it cognitively.
As we already have no need to remember, sometimes it seems that we've forgotten how to do it.
One of the last places on our planet where they still find people who are passionate about this idea of a trained, disciplined memory is this very unique competition of memory.
It's actually not so singular; there are competition like this all over the world.
I was fascinated, I wanted to know how these people do.
A few years ago, a group of researchers from the University College in London invited a group of memory champions, to the lab.
They wanted to know: Is it that it has brains in some way, structural or intimately different from the rest of us?
The answer was, no.
Are they smarter than the rest?
They gave them a cognitive test battery, and the answer was actually not.
There was yet a really interesting and significant difference between the brains of memory champions and control subjects that compare them.
When they put them into a magnetic resonance machine, they scanned their brains as they memorize numbers and faces and forms of snow . They found that in memory champions, they lit up parts of the brain, different to others.
They actually used to use, or they seemed to use, a part of the brain that involves spatial memory and navigation.
Why? Is there something we can learn from this?
The tournament of competitive memory is driven as an armed career where every year comes to someone with a new way to remember more things, faster, and then the rest of the competitors should be put on the day.
This is my friend Ben Printellage, three times a memory champion.
In his desk, in front of him, there's 36 distributed nose bars that he's about to try to memorize in an hour, using a technique that he invented and that only he mastered.
He used a similar technique to memorize the precise order of 44 random binary digits.
In half an hour . Yes.
And as there is a large amount of ways to remember things in these competitions, absolutely all techniques used at the end of a single concept that psychologists call``collaborative coding . ''
He illustrates with a paradism known as the paradox``Baker ."He says the following: I say to two people who remember the same word . I say to you,``Remember there's a man named Baker . ''
That's his appeal.
And then I ask you,``Remember there's a battery.
And when I go back later, and I ask you,``Remember that word I told you makes a while? ''
\" Remember what was it? ''
The person who told her that his name is Baker is unlikely to remember the same word as the person who told her work is``Baker . ''
Same word, different memory capacity -- that's weird.
What happens here?
Well, name Baker, actually doesn't mean anything for you.
All the other memories that dance for their head.
But the word,``Baker"-- we know baker.
They use simple white hats.
They have flour in their hands.
They smell well when they go home to work.
We probably know some baker.
And when we first heard that word for the first time, we started putting astronomical hooks to easily fish them at some point.
One of the most elaborate techniques to do this is 2,500 years ago in the ancient Greece.
It's known as the memory of memory.
The story says like this: there was a poet called Simplers who attended a boat.
They had hired it as a entertainment, because before, if you wanted to give a very good party, it didn't bring a DJ, it would hire a poet.
He stood up, he picked up his memory poem, and he went down, and so soon he went, the room of the boat collapsed.
By killing everybody.
But it didn't just kill them all, but it destroyed bodies by leaving them.
Nobody could say who was there, nobody could remember where they were sitting.
So they couldn't bury the bodies.
One tragedy behind the other.
Similar, standing outside, only survivor, in the middle of the rubble, closed the eyes and realized that with the eyes of his mind, I could see where I had been sitting in each.
I took the family in the hand by bringing them to where their loved ones were in the rubble.
What Similiation warned at that time is something that we all know about it or less intuitively, and it is that no matter if we're not good at remembering names or phone numbers or instructions for our colleagues, we have visual memory and exceptional space.
If I asked you to take me the first 10 words of the story that I just told you about Simplers, it's very likely to be very difficult to do.
But I would bet that if I asked you to say who was sitting on the horse, brown in your lobby, you would be able to visualize it.
The idea of memory's palazzo is to create this building with the eyes of your mind and put it into images with the things that you want to remember, the more crazy, disappeared, funny, beetle and sheep is the image, more unforgettable to be.
This is a advice that comes from over 2,000 years, to the first memory treaties, in Latin.
And how does it work?
Let's say you've been invited to the TED stage to give a talk, and you want to make it memory, the same way that you would have done Cicero, if you've invited it to TEDx 2,000 years ago.
What you could do is imagine you're on your doorstep.
And I'll have some kind of absolutely ridiculous, crazy and unforgettable image to help you remember that the first thing you want to mention is that completely invasive competition.
And then you can imagine coming into your house, and you can see the Library of the crackers mounted on Mister Ed.
And that will remind you that you want to introduce your friend Ed Cook.
And then you would see Britney Spears to remind you that funny anecdote that you want to tell.
And then they would go into the kitchen, and the fourth topic that they would talk about would be that strange journey they did for a whole year, and they have some friends to help them remember it.
This is how Roman speakers memorize their speeches, not word for word, who will confuse them, but typical.
In fact the term``typical ,"comes from the Greek Greek, which means``place . ''
It's a dress of when people thought about the Iraq and the rhetoric with this kind of space terms.
The phrase``first place ,"it would be like the first place in your memory palazzo.
I saw that this was just fascinating, and I was full of it.
I went to some of these memory competition, and I had the idea of writing a great thing about this kind of competitive memorize.
But there was a problem.
The problem was that a memory competition is a optically boring event.
Seriously, it's like seeing a lot of people sitting taking tests . I mean, the most exciting thing that happens is when someone is massage.
I'm a journalist, and I need to be able to write about something.
I know there are amazing things happening in these people's minds, but I don't have access.
I realized that if I was going to tell this story, I needed to try to put me in place.
So I started to spend 15 or 20 minutes every morning, before I sat down to see the New York Times, just trying to remember something.
Maybe a poem, or the names of an ancient school farmer bought in a thumbs market.
And I discovered that this was surprisingly entertaining.
I'd never expected it to be.
It was entertaining, because it wasn't just about training memory.
What's actually about doing is to actually improve the ability to create and imagine these ridiculous images, comics, provocative, islands, absurd and inalumentation, in the eye of mind.
I was quite hooked with this.
This is me, using my standard team of training for memory competition.
It's a couple of orders and some security glasses covered with tape leaving two holes, because distraction is the worst enemy of a memory competition.
I ended up coming back to the same competition that I had covered a year before, and I had the idea that I could enter, in a kind of participatory perceptual experiment.
I thought this could be a good engineer for all my research.
The problem was that the experiment came out of control.
And I won the competition, something that I didn't have to happen.
Of course it's cute to memorize speeches, and phone numbers, and shopping lists, but actually this is not the point.
These are just tricks.
Because they're based on pretty basic principles about how the brain works.
And you don't need to be built in the memory of memory or memorize bars to benefit with a little bit of insight about how your mind works.
We often talk about people with a great memory as if it's about an innate gift, but it's not the case.
Great memories are educated.
At the most basic level, we remember when we pay attention.
We remember when we focus deeply.
The palace of memory -- these memory techniques, are just shortcuts.
In fact, they're not even shortcuts.
They work because they make us work.
They find a kind of deep processing, a whole kind of complete attention that most of the people are not going out there.
But the reality is that there are no shortcuts.
That's how things become memorable.
And if there's something I want to leave you with today, it's what E, the amazing that I couldn't even remember that I had a memory problem, I left me, which is the notion that life is the sum of our memories.
How much are we willing to lose what's what our short existence is in the Blackberries or iPhones, not paying attention to the human being in front of us, who walks to our side . Are we so honored that we don't even bother to process deeply?
I learned firsthand that there are incredible memory capabilities in all of us.
But if you want to live a memorable life, you should be the kind of person who remembers to remember.
Thank you.
Today I'm going to talk to you about the last 30 years of the history of architecture.
It's a lot to cover in 18 minutes.
It's a complex subject, so we'll take a complex place: New Jersey.
Because 30 years ago, I'm from New Jersey, I was six and I lived there at my parents' house in a village called Lindbergers, and this was my child's bedroom.
On the corner, from my bedroom, I was the bathroom I shared with my sister.
And, between my bedroom and the bathroom, there was a balcony that gave the room to be.
And there all of them were going on the way by looking at the TV . So every time I went from my room to the bathroom, everybody looked at me, and every time I was told and back into a towel, everybody looked me.
And I was like this.
It was awkward, insecure and hated it.
I hated that journey, hated that balcony, hated that room and that house.
That's architecture.
Ready.
Those feelings, those emotions that I felt, that is the power of architecture, because architecture is not about math, no division of areas, but of those visceral, emotional connections that we feel in the places we occupy.
And it's not surprising that we sit in that way, because according to the Environmental Environmental Protection Agency, Americans spend 90 percent of their time under ceiling.
So , 90 percent of the time are surrounded by architecture.
That's a lot.
Architecture determines us in ways that we don't even realize.
That makes us a little naive and very, very predictable.
And this means that when I show you a building like this, I know what I evoke you:``power"and``democracy . ''
And I know that it's going to be based on a building in a building built by 2,500 years ago by the Greeks.
This is a trick.
It is a delicate that uses architects to create an emotional connection with the ways we build our buildings.
It's a predictable emotional connection; we've used this trick for a long, long time.
We use it 200 years ago to build banks.
We use it in the 19th century to build art museum.
And in the 20th century in the U.S., we use it to build houses.
Look, these stable soldiers, solid soldiers, in front of the sea, removed from the elements.
This is very, very useful, because building things is terrifying.
It's expensive, it takes a long time and it's very complicated.
People who build, urbanization and governments, are always afraid to innovation, and they prefer to use ways that they know are going to work.
So we found buildings like this.
It's a nice building.
It's the Library Public Library that ended up in 2004, in my hometown, and, you know, it's got a dome; it has this round, color thing, red bricks, that let them interview what Lindstones try to communicate with this building: children, the values of property, history.
But it doesn't have to do with a library today.
That same year, in 2004, on the other side of the country, another library ended, which looks like this.
It's in Seattle.
This library shows how we use media in the digital age.
It's a new kind of public equipment for the city, a place to meet, read and share.
So how is it possible that in the same year, in the same country, two buildings, both of these buildings called libraries, are so completely different?
And the answer is that architecture works at the beginning of the pendulum.
On one side there is innovation; architects that constantly drive new technologies, new kinds of solutions, new solutions for today's life forms.
We pushed, we pushed, and we pushed so much, we get away from people.
All black, this depressed us . You believe that we feel very well, but we're dead inside because we don't have another option.
We need to go to the other side and connect with those appreciated symbols.
So we do, and we're all happy, but we're all happy, but we're all happy, so we start to experiment again; we make the pendulum back to forward, over and over again, so we've done it over the last 300 years, and of course it is in the last 30 years.
Well , 30 years ago, we went out of the 1970s.
The architects were busy experimenting with the so-called brutality.
It's got to do with the ant.
That's what you can guess.
Small windows, in sub-Saharan scale.
Something really hard.
So we got closer to 80, and we started to incorporate those symbols.
We put the pendulum back into the other direction.
We take those forms that we know about it and we update them.
We added a number and we added steps and we use new materials.
You love it.
We didn't get a lot.
We take Chicago scans and we turn them into skyscrapers, which can be medieval glasses made of glass.
The shapes were sealed, they won in audacity and colorful.
The trains became columns.
The scripts grew up to the size of buildings.
A crazy.
But they were the '80s, that was great.
We all spend the way in shopping centers, we moved to the neighborhoods, and there, in suburbia, we can create our own architectural fantasies.
Those fantasy could be the Mediterranean, the French, or the Italian.
You can possibly with a bread of bread sticks.
This is what happens with modernism.
This is what happens with symbols.
They're easy, they're cheap, because instead of creating new spaces, we remember memories from other places.
I know very well, and you all know, this is not the Tuscany.
This is Ohio.
The architects are frustrated, and we start making the pendulum slide again in the other direction.
In the '80s, and in the early '90s, we started experimenting with the so-called democracy.
We downloaded the historical symbols; we now have new computer design techniques, and we find new compositions -- a few ways that are crashing against other forms.
This is academic and submersible, and it's super impossible; you're totally excluded.
Normally, the sweet stand again in opposite direction.
But then something amazing happened.
In 1997, this building is opening.
It's the Guggenheim of Bilbao, Frank Gehry.
This building changed fundamentally the relationship of the world with architecture.
Paul Gentiurns said that Bilbao was one of those rare moments when they were critical, academics and public in general, they were completely according to a building.
The New York Times called this miracle construction.
The tourism in Bilbao turned up in a 2,500 percent when the building ended up.
So all of a sudden, everybody wanted one of those buildings: Los Angeles, Seattle, Chicago, New York, Cleveland, Spinogue.
Everyone wanted one, and Gehry was everywhere.
He was our first star architect.
But how is it possible that these shapes, wild and radical, how is it possible that they become ubiquitous around the world?
And it happened, because the media were galvanized around them and quickly learned that those shapes meant culture and tourism.
We've created an emotional reaction with these forms.
The same thing did the world's main mayors.
So everybody believed that if they had these shapes, they had culture and tourism.
This phenomenon of beginning of the new millennium happened with other star architects.
He happened to Zach and Liberia, and what happened with these few elite architects in the new millennium threshold, actually started going on with all architecture, digital media began to increase the speed of information consumption.
Think, for example, how they consume architecture.
A thousand years ago, you would have to have to walk to the next town to see a building.
The transportation is speeding up: you can take a ship, a plane, you can be tourists.
The technology is accelerating . You can see in the newspapers, in the telly, and at the end, we're all photographers of architecture, and the building becomes beyond its physical location.
Architecture is everywhere now; that means that the speed of communications finally has reached the speed of architecture.
Because architecture moves so fast.
It's not a long time to think about a building.
It takes a long time to build a building, three or four years, and at that time, an architect can design two, eight, or 100 buildings, before I know if the one that designed four years ago was a success or not.
Because there's never been good feedback in architecture.
This is how we find buildings like this.
The brutality was not a two-year-old movement, but 20 years.
For 20 years, we were building buildings like this because we had no idea how much they were arrested.
That's never going to happen again . I think, because we're in the largest revolution in architecture from the invention of the ant, the steel or rise, and it's the media revolution.
My theory is that when you apply the media to media, it starts to darker faster and faster, until you're in both extremes almost in simultaneous, and it's effectively defended between innovation and symbols, between us, architects, and you, the public.
Now we can make almost instant symbols, with emotional charge, of something completely new.
I'll show you how the system works in a project that my company ended up recently.
We were hired to replace this building that was gone.
This is the center of a village called Pintos on Fire Island, in the state of New York.
It's a community of vacation.
But that meant that two years before the building was finished, it was part of the community, and as the drawings looked exactly the finished product, there were no surprise.
The building came to be part of the community . That first summer, when people began to come and share it in social media, the building stopped being a building, it became a media medium, because these are not just images of a building, the images that you made of the building.
And as you use them to tell their story, they become part of personal narrative, and that makes them talk with collective memory, and by carrying these symbols, we learn.
I mean, we don't need the Greeks to tell us how to think about architecture.
We can tell us what we think about architecture, because digital media has not only changed the relationship between us, but they've changed the relationship between us and buildings.
Think about a second in those links of links.
If that building is built today, we first went to the Internet for``new libraries . ''
We would be bombarded with examples of experimentation, of innovation, about what a library can be.
That's ammunition.
Museum that can lead to Lindberger's mayor, people in Lindbergm, and tell you that there is no unique answer to what's a library today.
Let's be part of this.
This abundance of solutions gives the freedom to experience.
Everything is different now.
Architects are no longer those mysterious creatures that use unpleasant words and complicated drawings, and one no longer is a underground audience that doesn't accept something that hasn't seen before.
The architects can listen, and you don't leave the architecture.
That means that the doctrine of one style to another, from one movement to another, is irrelevant.
In fact, we can go ahead and find solutions right to the problems that society faces.
This is the end of the history of architecture, and it means that tomorrow buildings will be very different from today's buildings.
This means that a public space in the ancient city of Elvis can be unique and adapted to the measure of a modern city.
This means that a stadium in Brooklyn can be that, a stadium in Brooklyn, and not a bad historical imitation of red red brick in ideas of what's a stadium.
This means that robots will be able to build our buildings, because we will finally be ready for ways that are going to produce.
That means that buildings are tied to the whims of nature and not the opposite.
This means that a parking garage in Miami Beach, Florida, can also serve to make sports or yoga, or even one can be married there at night.
This means that three architects can dream with swimming in the New York City of New York, and raise half a million dollars of the community united around that cause, no longer a customer.
It means that no building is too small for innovation, like this little pinnacle of rooms, as muscle and fiber as the animals that are going to look at.
Because no matter if it's a cow or a robot who builds our buildings.
It doesn't matter how we build, what matters is what we build.
Architects already know how to make more ecological, smarter and more nice buildings.
We've been waiting for all of you to want them.
Finally, we're not on opposite sides.
You find an architect, and you're working together to make better buildings, better cities, for a better world, because there's a lot of play.
Buildings don't only reflect our society, but they give shape to the smallest spaces: local libraries, the homes where we form our children, and the step of the bedroom to the bathroom.
Thank you very much.
This is my niece, Stewart.
It just turned a year and started walking.
And it does that very cool, typical of the children in a year, shaking, as if their body was moving too fast for their legs.
It's totally beautiful.
And one of the things that I like to do at the moment is to look at the mirror.
She really loves his reflection.
He laughed and white, and he gives himself those big and wet kisses.
It's beautiful.
Apparently, all of your friends do this and my mom tells me that I used to do it, and it made me think,``When stop to do this? ''
How do we suddenly don't taste with our appearance?
Because, apparently, we don't like it.
Every month , 10,000 people look at Google:``Am I ugly? ''
This is Faiza, he's 13 and she lives in Denver.
And as any teenager, it just wants to be loved and fit.
It's Sunday at night.
It's preparing for next week in school.
It's a bit of fear, it's a little confused because, even though her mom tells her all the way it's beautiful, every day in school, someone tells him that it's ugly.
In between what his mom says, and what his friends, or school partners say, doesn't know who to believe.
So it makes a video of it, you published it on YouTube, and you ask others to please leave a comment,``Am I nice or am I ugly? ''
Well, so far, Faiza has received over 13,000 comments.
Some of these are so disgusting, that it doesn't even deserve to think about them.
We talk about a healthy, normal teenager, who receives these responses in one of the stages of their most emotionally vulnerable life.
Thousands of people are posting videos like this, mostly teenage girls trying to communicate this way.
But what's bringing them to do this?
Well, today's teenagers are almost never alone.
They're under pressure of being online and available all the time, talking, chatting, giving,``I like ,"eating, sharing, publishing, this is never finished.
We've never been so connected before, continuously, instant, so young.
As a mother said to me,``It's like there's a party in your room every night . ''
There's just no privacy.
And the social pressures that go from hand with that are unthinkable.
This environment, of being always connected, is advising our children to self-responsible based on the number of``I like ,"and the kinds of comments they get.
There is no division between a life online and real life.
It's really hard to know the differences between what is real or what it is.
And also, it's very difficult to know the difference between what is authentic and what is manipulated digitally.
What is the most challenging in someone's life in front of what is normal in a daily context?
And where are you looking for inspiration?
Well, you can see the kinds of images that are dedicated to the news of girls' news.
The zero rate models continue to dominate our passports.
The tech technique is now a routine.
And trends like,``#Switzerland, #Shanghai ,"and profit.
For those of you who know it, it means profit.
These trends are associated with women in the popular culture today.
It's not hard to see what young young people are compared.
But kids are not immune to this.
Like the superheroes of the sports star, and the remote singers.
But what is the problem with all of this?
Well, surely we want our children to grow healthy and be very balanced individuals.
But in a culture obsessed by the image, we're teaching our children to spend more time and mental effort to their appearance, to the price of all other aspects of their identity.
Things like their relationships, the development of their physical capacities, their studies and others start to suffer.
Six of every 10 girls prefer not to do something because they think they don't see enough enough.
These are not trivial activities.
They are fundamental activities for growth as human beings, and how to contribute society and the field of labor development.
31 percent, almost one in three teenagers are not interested in class arguments . They avoid participating in classrooms because they don't want to call attention for their physical aspect.
One in five are not attending class at all during the days when they don't feel comfortable about it.
And in the tests season, if you don't think you see it well enough, specifically if you don't think you're thin enough, you'll get a lower note to the average of your peers who don't care about the appearance.
And this phenomenon has been generated in Finland, the United States and China.
And it's regardless of what these young people weigh.
So, to make it clear, we're talking about how you see you, not how you really are.
The low self-esteem on its body is deliberating academic performance.
And it's also detrimental health.
Teenagers with little self-esteem do less physical activity, they eat fewer fruits and vegetables, they participate in more not healthy diet than they can bring them to a food disorder.
They have low self-esteem.
They're more easily influenced by the people around them and they're at greater risk of depression.
And we think it's because of what they make more risky decisions, like alcohol consumption and drugs, dramatic surgery, aesthetic surgery, sexual relationships to early ages and without protection and distributed damage.
The search of the perfect body is pressing the health system, and our government costs billions of dollars every year.
And we're not controlling it.
Women who believe they have overweight again, irrespective of whether they have or don't have any greater sustainability rates.
17 percent of women are not presented to a job interview in a day where they don't feel secure with the way they see.
Think for a moment in what this is doing to our economy.
If we could overcome this, what would be that opportunity?
releasing this potential is interest for each of us.
But how do we do that?
Well, talking, by itself, doesn't take you very far.
Not enough.
If you really want to change things, you have to do something.
And we've learned that there are three key forms . The first is that we have to instill trust in their own body.
We need to help our teens develop strategies to overcome the pressure of perfect images and build their self-esteem.
The good news is that there are many programs available to do it.
The bad news is that most of these don't work.
I was very surprised when I learned that many well-intentioned programs, without realizing, worse.
So, we need to make sure that the program that our children follow is not just a positive impact, but also a lasting impact.
And research studies show that the best programs are focused on six key areas . The first is the influence of family, friends and relationships.
These six ways of crucial departure for anybody willing to provide an education in body self-worth that works.
An education is fundamental, but facing this problem requires each of us that we take the risks in the issue and be a better model to follow for women and girls in our own lives.
challenging the current status of how women are seen and mentioned in our circles.
It's not good to tell you with the contribution of our politicians in hair cuts or the size of their breasts, or to announce that determination or success of an Olympic athlete depends on the fact that it's not a great beauty.
We need to start judging people for what they are, not as you see.
All of us can start by making responsibility for the kind of images and comments we published in our social networks.
We can praise people based on their effort and their actions and not in their appearance.
And let me ask you, when was the last time you kiss a mirror?
In summary, we have to work together as communities, as governments and as companies, to really change our culture, so that our children grow up valuing their whole person, valuing the individuality, diversity, inclusion.
We have to put people who are really making the difference in a pedestal.
For making a difference in the real world, let's make them are the ones that come out on the big screen, because we will create a different world.
A world where our children are free to become the best version of themselves, where they believe that they're never seen to be who they are, or to reach what they want in their lives.
Think about what this can mean for someone in their lives.
Who have in mind?
Your wife?
Your sister?
Your daughter?
Your niece? Your friend?
It might just be the woman who's two seats away . What would it mean for her if he was released from that authoritarian voice inside, which is encouraged by not having long legs, more thin, a more flat belly, smaller feet?
What would it mean for her if we would overcome this, and we would be able to slow down to their potential that way?
Right now, the obsession of our culture with the images is getting us all.
But let's teach our children the truth.
Let's teach that the way you look at you is just one part of your identity, and that the truth is that we love them for who they are and what they do, and as they make us feel.
We include self-esteem in our schools.
We change each of us, the way we talk and compared with other people.
And we work together as a community, from small groups to governments, so that the small training of an age of age today, they become agents of secure change themselves tomorrow.
Let's do it.
On November 5 , 1990, a gentleman named Elabetse Now entered a hotel in Manhattan and killed the rabbi Miss Kahama, the leader of Defense Judy's League.
Now initially they declared innocent, but being prepared by other minor charges, in other companies, started planning attacks to about 12 icons in New York, including tunnels, synagogues and the United Nations headquarters.
Luckily, those plans were frustrated by an FBI informant.
Sadly, the 1993 bomb in the World Trade Center, could not be avoided.
And I would be convicted by its participation in that attack.
Elevanua Os is my father.
I was born in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, in 1983, being he an Egyptian engineer, with an American mother, elementary school master, between the two made all possible to give me a happy childhood.
Only when I was seven, our family started to change.
My father taught me a form of Islam, which very few, even most Muslims, come to know.
For experience, I saw that when people take time to interact, it doesn't require much to get to desire the same things in life.
However, in all religion, in all human group, there's always a little fraction of people who are so dangerously clinging to their convictions that they think we have to use all possible media for everyone to live like them.
A few months before the arrest, he sat with me and explained that in the last weekend of weeks, he and some friends had been going into Long Island in Long Island to practice.
He told me that I would go with him the next day.
We reached the Club of Club, which, without knowing our group, was revered by the FBI.
When I was playing, my father helped me hold the rifle in the shoulder and explained to me how to aim the target at about 30 meters.
That day, with the last bullet that I shot, I gave the little orange light on the target, and, for everyone's surprise, especially me, the whole goal is in flames.
My uncle turned to others and Arabic, he said,``I've got boom . ''
From such a parent.
Everyone, the comment made them a lot of laughter, but just a few years later I understood what they were so funny.
They saw in me, the same level of destruction that my father could cause.
Those people later would be convicted to put a run with 700 pounds of explosives in the underground parking of the North Trade Center Center, causing an explosion that killed six people and killed another 1,000.
I admired those men.
He called them``ambuninal ,"which means you.
When I was 19, I had moved 20 times . That instability during my childhood allowed me to do a lot of friendships.
Every time I started feeling comfortable about someone was already time to push and go to another city.
As I was always, the new face of the class was a victim victim.
I had secret my identity to avoid being the white, but to be the new class, silent and recommended, was enough ammunition.
So most of the time I was going home reading books, watching TV or playing video games.
For these reasons, it didn't develop social skills, to say it gently, to grow under fans, not prepared for the real world.
They were educated to judge people, based on arbitrary indicators, like their race or religion.
So how could I open your eyes?
One of the first experiences that I had to test my mindset was during the presidential election of 2000.
In a pre-discovered program that I participated at the National National Convention, in Philadelphia.
My group was focused on the theme of juvenile violence, as I had been victims of math almost all my life, it was something that I felt a lot of passion.
The members of this group came from different backgrounds.
One day, at the end of the convention, I discovered that one of the kids we had done friendship, was Jewish.
It took several days to go out to light this detail, and I realized that there was no analysis between both.
I've never had a Jewish friend before, and I was frankly feeling very proud of having been able to beat the barrier that all life had been made to believe that it was infinite.
Another crucial moment came up when I got a summer job in Bush Gardens, a amusement park.
I met people from all kinds of beliefs and cultures . That experience was fundamental in the development of my character.
All life had taught me that homosexuality was a sin, and, by extension, all the homosexual were bad influences.
For chance, I had the opportunity to work with homosexual actors there, in a show, and I could see that several of them were the most nice and least critical that I had seen in life.
Having been accused of child, it developed a sense of empathy to the suffering of others, but it wasn't easy for me to treat nice people, exactly the way I would have wanted to be treated.
So that feeling I could contrast the stereotypes that had taught me about child, with the experience of the interaction in real life.
I don't know what it is to be a homosexual, but I know what it is to be judged by something beyond my control.
Then it came the Dan Show.
Every night, Jon Stewart made me inherently honest to my intolerance, and he helped me see that the race of people, religion or sexual orientation, have nothing to do with character.
In many ways, he became my federal figure at a time when I was desperately making it.
In occasions, inspiration can come from the unexpected, and that a Jewish comedian had a better influence in my life than my own father, extremists, was not in vain.
I had a conversation with my mother about how I was changing my thinking, and she told me something that will be in my heart forever, while he's alive.
She looked at me with the eyes tired of someone who has suffered enough dimensions and said,``I'm tired of hate . ''
At that point, I realized how much negative energy is needed to keep all that hatred inside.
My real name is not Zach drunk.
It changed when my family decided to break the relationship with my father and start a new life.
So why do I decided to go out and put me in a possible risk?
Well, it's simple.
I've done that because I hope that someone, one day, who's trying to bring violence, can hear my story and understand that there's a better way, that even though I was told to this violent, violent ideology, I didn't get a fantastic.
In contrast, I decided to use my experience to fight terrorism and prejudice.
I do that for terrorism victims and for their loved ones, for the terrible pain and the losses that terrorism has produced them in their lives.
Because of the victims of terrorism, I'm going to talk to you, against those meaningless acts, as a rejection to my father's actions.
With this simple, I'm showing you here as proof that violence is not inherent to any religion or race, that children don't have to follow their parents' roads.
I'm not my father.
Thank you . Thank you all . Thank you very much.
Right now there's a movie that's projected in its minds.
It's an amazing multiplicitating movie.
It's 3D, and it has surreal sound of what you hear and see right now . But that's just the beginning.
Your movie has love, taste and texture.
You feel your body, your pain, your hunger, your pleasure.
It has emotions, anger and happiness.
It has memories, as moments of your childhood who are projected to your eyes.
And it's constantly a support voice in your conscious thinking flow.
The heart of the movie is you who experience everything in direct.
This film is your flow of consciousness, the subject of the experience of mind and the world.
Consciousness is one of the fundamental truths of the existence of human beings.
Each of us is conscious.
We all have an internal movie, you, you and you.
There's nothing we know more directly.
At least, I know I have a consciousness of it.
I don't have certainty that you are conscious.
Consciousness is also the reason to live.
If we weren't aware, nothing in our lives would make sense or value.
But at the same time, it's the most mysterious phenomenon in the universe.
Why are we conscious?
Why do we have these internal movies?
Why aren't we just robots that we receive to produce outcomes without experiencing the internal movie?
Right now, nobody knows the answers to those questions.
I suggest that to integrate consciousness to science, you need some radical ideas.
Some people say it's impossible a science of consciousness.
Science, by nature, is objective.
Consciousness, by nature, is subjective.
So there can never be a science of consciousness.
Because for almost all the 20th century, it's that vision.
The psychology studied the behavior obviously, the neuroscience studied the brain obviously, but no one was talking about consciousness.
Even 30 years ago, when TED started, there were very few scientific jobs about consciousness.
Then , 20 years ago, everything started to change.
neuroscientists like Francis Crick and physicists like Roger Penrose said,``Now is the time for science to address consciousness . ''
And since then, there was a real explosion, a flourishing of scientific work about consciousness.
And this work was fantastic . It was great.
But it also has fundamental limitations to the moment.
The center of consciousness science in recent years was the pursuit of correlations, correlations between some of the brain areas and some states of consciousness.
We saw some of this guy in the fantastic work that Nancy Kanzi presented a few minutes ago.
Now we understand much better, for example, the areas of the brain that are related to the conscious experience of seeing faces or feeling or feeling happy.
But this is still a science science.
It's not a science of explanation.
We know that these brain areas are related to certain kinds of conscious experiences, but we don't know why.
I'd like to explain to you by saying that this kind of neuroscience work answers some questions that we want to explain about consciousness, the questions about what they make certain areas of the brain and what they correlate.
But in a sense, those are the easy problems.
No offense of neuroscientists.
Actually, there are no easy problems with consciousness.
Well, I don't know the real central mystery of this matter: Why all physical processes in the brain have to be accompanied for consciousness?
Why is there an subjective internal movie?
At this point, we can't understand it.
And you can say, let's take a few years to neuroscience.
It's going to become another emergent phenomenon like the sharps, like hurricane, like life, and we're going to find explanation.
The typical emergence are all cases of emerging behaviors, how the constellations operate, how hurricanes work, how they reproduce, adapt and metabolizing living organisms . They're all questions about objective work.
That could be applied to the human brain to explain some behaviors and functions of the human brain as an emerging phenomenon: how we walk, how we talk, how we're playing chess; they're all questions about behavior.
But when it comes to consciousness, the questions about behavior are among the easy problems.
But the difficult problem, is the question of why is it that all behavior is accompanied from a subjective experience?
And here it is, the standard paradigm of the emergence, the standard paradigm of neuroscience, actually doesn't have a lot to say.
I'm a scientific heart material.
I want a scientific theory of the self-determination that works . For a long time, I was hitting my head against the wall looking for a theory of consciousness in pure physical terms that would work.
But at the end, I got to the conclusion that it didn't work for systematic reasons.
I think we stand at this point.
We have a chain of wonderful, great explanations . We're accustomed to this; physics explains chemistry, chemistry explains biology, biology explains part of psychology.
But consciousness doesn't seem to fit in this scheme.
On the one hand, it's a fact that we're conscious.
For the other, we don't know how to accommodate that idea to our scientific vision of the world.
I think consciousness, right now, is kind of an anomaly, something that we need to integrate to our worldview, but we don't yet know how.
With an anomaly like this, you can need radical ideas . I think we need ideas at first seem crazy, before we can deal with awareness in a scientific way.
There are some possibilities for those crazy ideas.
My friend Dan Dennett, who's here today, has one.
Their crazy idea is that there is no such a hard problem of consciousness.
The whole idea of the internal subjective film includes a kind of illusion or confusion.
Actually, what you need to do, is to explain the objective functions, the behaviors of the brain, and that's what it needs explanation.
Well, more power for him.
That's the kind of radical idea that we need to explore if we want to have a theory of purely reductionist consciousness, based on the brain.
At the same time, for me and for many others, that vision is pretty close to just denial that the observation of consciousness is satisfying.
But I go in a different direction.
In the time I left, I want to explore two crazy ideas that I think can be promising.
The first crazy idea is that consciousness is fundamental.
physicists sometimes take some aspects of the universe as fundamental bricks: space, time and mass.
They put fundamental laws that govern them, like gravity laws or quantum mechanics.
These fundamental laws and properties don't explain in terms of nothing more basic.
Instead, they consider fundamental, and that's what the world is built.
Sometimes the list of the fundamental goes away.
In the 19th century, Maxwell found that you can't explain electromagnetic phenomena in terms of fundamental predictions, space, time, mass, Newton laws, so I put the basic laws of electromagnetism, and I put the electrical charge as a fundamental concept that those laws govern.
I think that's the situation that we find with consciousness.
If you can't explain consciousness in terms of fundamental presences, space, time, mass, load, then by logic, you have to leverage the list.
The most natural thing would be to put awareness itself as a fundamental thing, a fundamental brick of nature.
This doesn't mean that all of a sudden is not the object of science.
It opens the way to scientifically handle.
So what we need is to study the fundamental laws that govern consciousness, the laws that connect consciousness with other fundamental concepts: space, time, mass, physical processes.
physicists sometimes say that we want to want fundamental laws so simple that we can put them out in a record.
The situation of consciousness is something like this.
We want to find fundamental laws so simple that we can put them into a t-shirt.
We still don't know what laws are, but that's what we're looking for.
The second crazy idea is that consciousness can be universal.
Each system can have a degree of consciousness.
This vision sometimes is called parasites:``bread ,"for all,``psyche"by mind, every system is conscious, not only humans, dogs, mice, flies, even the microbes from Rob Knight, elementary particles.
Even a photon has some degree of consciousness.
The idea is not that the photons are smart or you think.
It's not that a photon can be full of anguish when you think,``Oh, I'll always travel to the speed of light.
I can never slow down and smell the pink . ''
No, no.
But the thought is that maybe the photons can have some kind of raw, subjective feeling, some primitive precursor of consciousness.
This can sound a little crazy for you.
How did anybody think so crazy?
In part, it comes from the first crazy idea, which consciousness is a fundamental thing.
If it's fundamental, like space, time and mass, it's natural to assume that it can also be universal, just like others.
It's also worth noticing that although the idea seems unstable, it's much less for people in different cultures, where the human mind seems more a continuum with nature.
A deeper reason comes from the idea that maybe the simplest and powerful way of finding fundamental laws that relate the thinking with physical process, is by linking awareness with information.
Whenever there's information processing, there's awareness.
complex information processing, like in a human being, complex consciousness.
Simple information processing, simple consciousness.
Something really exciting is that in recent years, a neuroscientist, Guildrington Tinneton, took this kind of theory and developed it rigorously with mathematical methods.
It has a mathematical measure of information integration, which is called PM, which measures the degree of information in a system.
And he's supposed to do with consciousness.
So in a human brain, there's an incredible degree of information integration, a high degree of PH, a lot of consciousness.
In a mouse there is a medium of information integration, very significant, very important awareness.
But when you get to the worms, the microbes, the particles, the degree of PH said.
The level of information integration is lower, but it's not zero either.
In Tony theory, there will still be a level of different consciousness of zero.
It actually provides a fundamental law of consciousness: high degree of pH, high degree of consciousness.
In addition, another reason is that panic can help us integrate awareness to the physical world.
physicists and philosophers often have observed that physics is curiously abstract.
It describes the structure of reality using a lot of equations, but it doesn't talk about the reality that underlies us.
As Stephen Hawking explains,``Where is the fire from the equations? ''
From private vision, the equations of physics can be left as they are, but they can be used to describe the flow of consciousness.
That's what physicists do basically, describe the flow of consciousness.
According to this vision, consciousness is the one that puts fire in the equations.
In that vision, consciousness is not found out of the physical world as a kind of bonus.
It's right there in the center.
This vision, I think, private vision, has the potential to transfer our relationship to nature, and can have social and ethical consequences.
Some of them can be illogical.
I used to think that I shouldn't eat anything that had consciousness, then I should be a vegetarian.
If you're a parasite and you accept that vision, you'll have a lot of hunger.
I think it tends to transform your visions, whereas what matters in ethical terms and moral consideration, is not so much the fact of consciousness, but its importance and complexity.
It's also natural to ask for consciousness in other systems, like computers.
What about the artificial intelligence system in Samantha in the``Heroes"movie?
Is it conscious?
According to the vision of paralyzed information, she has a complicated information processing, integrated, so the answer is yes, if it's conscious.
If this is right, you have pretty serious ethical problems about the ethics of the development of intelligent computer systems and the ethics of taking them out.
And finally, you can ask for the awareness of complete collectively, the planet.
So Canada has its own consciousness?
Or a more local level, an integrated group, like the audience in a TED Talk . Right now we have a TED collective consciousness, an internal movie for this whole TED group, different from the internal movies of each part of the parts?
I don't know the answer to that question, but I think at least it's a question that should be serious.
So this panic view, it's a radical vision, and I don't know if it's right.
I'm actually more secure of the first crazy idea, which consciousness is a fundamental thing that is universal.
Vision raises a lot of questions, many challenges, like, how those little bits of thinking contribute to the kind of complex awareness we know and love.
If we can answer those questions, then I think we're going through the right path to a theory of serious consciousness.
If not, well, this is probably the hardest problem of science and philosophy.
We can't wait to solve it overnight overnight.
But I think we'll finally go to discover it.
Understanding consciousness is the real key, I think, to understand the universe and to understand ourselves.
Maybe we just need the right crazy idea.
Thank you.
I grew up in a little rural village in Victoria.
I had a very normal profile, a profit of education.
I went to school, I met with my friends, I was fighting with my younger sisters.
Everything was very normal.
And when I was 15, a member of my community came to my parents because I wanted to name for a community prize.
And my parents said,``Well, that's very nice, but there's an obvious problem.
She's actually not done ."And they were right.
I went to school, I had good grades . After school, I had a low profile on my mother's fight, and I spent a long time looking at the``Buffett Slow"and``Dans's Creek . ''
Yes, I know . What a contradiction.
But they were right.
I did nothing that was extraordinary at all.
Nothing that can be considered as a achievement if we take disability outside the equation.
Years later, being in the second part of teaching in a high school of Melbourne, just after about 20 minutes in the class of the 11 legal studies, a guy raised his hand and said,``Hey, when will you give your speech? ''
I said,``What speech? ''
Well, I had been talking about the law of spreading for a good 20 minutes.
And he said,``You know, your motivation speech.
When people in wheelchair, they talk about inspiring things in school? ''
\" Usually, in the stock room . ''
And that was when I realized, this kid had had experiences with people with disabilities as an inspiration objects.
And we're not . And it's not guilt of the boy, that's true for many of us.
For us, people with disability are not our teachers or our doctors or our manuscripts.
We're not real people . We're there to inspire.
And, in fact, I'm on this stage looking at what I do in this wheelchair, and you're probably waiting to inspire you . Right? Yeah.
Well, ladies and gentlemen, I'm afraid to disappoint tremendously.
I'm not here to inspire you.
I'm here to tell you that we have lied in relation to disability.
Yes, we've sold the lie that disability is something bad, A massive, M mass.
It's a bad thing and living with a disability makes you exceptional.
It's not something bad, and it doesn't make it exceptional.
And in the last few years, we've been able to spread even more this lie through social media.
You may have seen images like this:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude . ''
Or this one:``Your excuse is invited ."In effect.
Or this one:``Before leaving, intolerance! ''
These are just a couple of examples, but there's a lot of them.
You may have seen one, from the girl without hands drawing with a pencil held by the mouth.
You may have seen a child who runs with legs of carbon fiber.
And there's a lot of these images, which are what we call porn inspiration.
And I use the default term deliberately, because they make a group of people for the benefit of another group of people.
So in this case, we set out the disabled disabled people of people without disability.
The purpose of these images is to inspire them, motivate them, so that we can see them and think,``Well, for a very bad life, it could be worse.
I could be that person . ''
But if you are that person?
I've lost the account of the number of times that have been given me strangers to want to express that I'm brave or a source of inspiration, and this happens before my job had a public profile.
It was as if I would be happy to get up in the morning and remember my own name . And this is to make it.
These images, those images, is to make people with disability in the benefit of people without disability.
They're there so you can see them and think things are not so bad for you, or to put your concerns in perspective.
And life as a disabled person is actually something hard.
Some things.
But the things that we overcome are not the things that you can think about.
It's not relative to our bodies.
I use the term``disabled people ,"deliberately because I'm going to call the social model of disability, which tells us that we are more disabled because of society in which we live that because of our bodies or diagnostics.
So I've lived in this body for a long time.
I'm very polite with him.
It does the things that I need to do, and I've learned how to get the best of their ability, as you do, and that's what happens to the kids of those pictures as well.
They're not doing anything outside.
They're just using their bodies taking the best of their ability.
So, is it really fair to make them in the way we do, when we share those images?
When people say,``You're an inspiration source ,"it says it as a compliment.
I know why it happens.
It's because of the lie, because we've sold this lie that disability makes us exceptional.
And honestly, it doesn't.
And I know what they're thinking.
I'm here boarding inspiration, and you think,``Oh God, Stewart, are you sometimes inspired by something? ''
And actually, I am.
Learning from other people with disability at all times.
However, I don't learn that I'm more lucky than them.
And learning that this is a great idea to use a little bit of barbecue to pick up the things that are falling to me, learning the ingenuity of how to charge the battery of the mobile phone on the battery of the chair.
Great.
We learn from the force and resilience of others, not against our bodies and our diagnostics, but against a world that's exceptional and makes us comfort.
I really believe that that lies that have sold us about disability is the biggest injustice.
It makes us difficult.
And that quote:``The only disability in life is a bad attitude ,"the reason that that's lies is because it's not true, because of the social model of disability.
A lot of smiles to a staircase has never done it to become a ramp.
Never . I'll smile to a television screen, not to make the subtitles for the deaf people.
Not a lot of people in the middle of a bookstore and throwing a positive attitude to turn all those books into the braille.
It's just not going to happen.
I really want to live in a world where disability is not exception, but the norm.
I want to live where a 15-year-old girl, sitting in his bedroom watching``Buffett the Gravel ,"it doesn't consider any deserves of anything for being in a chair.
I want to live in a world where we don't have so low expectations of people with disability that we're happy to get out of bed and remember our names in the morning.
I want to live in a world where we value the genuine achievement of people with disability, and I want to live in a world where a 11 degree child in a high school in Melbourne is not a little surprise that his new teacher is a wheelchair.
The disability doesn't make us exceptional, but question what you believe to know about it, you know.
Thank you.
What do you have to do with augmented reality and professional football, with empathy?
And what is the average speed of a non-violent bar?
Unfortunately, today, just answering one of those questions, so please don't get rid of it.
When people think of augmented reality, they think about``Minority Report"and Tom Cruise putting hands in the air, but augmented reality is not science fiction.
augmented reality is something that will happen in our days and happen because we have the tools for it, and people need to know, because the augmented reality change our lives as much as the Internet and mobile phones.
So how did we get to the augmented reality?
The first step is what I'm wearing: the Google Glass goggles.
I'm sure many of you are familiar with them.
What you may not know is that the Google Glass is a device that allows them to see what I see.
I'll allow you to experience what is a professional sport in the field.
Right now, the only way to be in the field is that I try to describe them.
I have to use words.
I have to create a framework that you will fill with your imagination.
We can use the Google Glass, under a helmet and know what is running through the game camp at 100 miles, the blood hitting the ears.
We can know that it feels like a 110 pounds man is chasing us, trying to tell us all its being.
I've been there and I assure you that it's not nice.
I bring some videos to show you what the Google Glass is using under the helmet, and give you an idea of that.
Unfortunately, they're not pictures of NFL practices, because the idea of the NFL technology is an underwater underwater, but we do what we can.
So let's see a video.
Chris Kelly: Come on.
It's horrible to be hacked.
A moment . Give us a little bit.
You ready?
Go!
Chris Kelly: As you can see, it's a proof of what is being labeled in the football field, from the perspective of the keyboard.
You've realized that it's missing people, the rest of the team.
We have a video of them, the University of Washington University.
Field machine: mice 54! mice.
Blue 8, Blue 8! Go!
Chris Kelly: This is a little bit more likely to be in the field, but it has nothing to do with being in NFL.
The fans want that experience.
The fans want to be in the field, to be their favorite players, and they asked me on YouTube and Twitter,``You can see from the angle of a field machine.
Or a corridor?
We want to experience that . ''
Once we have that experience with Governocar and Google Glass, how do we get from full, how do we take it to the next level?
We took it to that level using something called the Rift Rift, which surely many of you know.
The Rift Rift has been described as the most realistic virtual reality device ever created, and it's not cheap.
And I'm going to show you why, with this video.
Man: Oh, oh!!
No, no, no! I don't want to keep playing! No!
Oh, my God! Oh!
CK: That's the experience of a man in a Russian mountain, and it's by his life.
What will be the experience of a fan when we record a video from Adrian Peter crossing the line, dropping out of a trigger with the arm before they run and make a notation? What will be the experience of a fan.
When can I be Mission running through the court, launching the ball at the bottom of the network, or Peter doing a ticket in Wimbledon?
What will be your experience when you climb from a mountain to more than 100 miles like an Olympic skier?
Maybe you increase sales for adults for adults.
But this is not yet augmented reality.
It's just virtual reality, River.
How do we reach the augmented reality, Rio?
We're going to get augmented reality when the coaches, the evil, and the owners see the information of what people want to see and think,``How do we use this to improve our teams?
How do we use it to win games? ''
Because they always use technology to win.
They like to win . They give them money.
So, here's a brief refresher about technology in NFL.
In 1965, the Baltimore Dogs put it a way to his field machine to play faster.
They won the Super Bowl that year.
Other teams decided to imitate them.
More people saw the party because it was more exciting, faster.
In 1994, the NFL put radios in the cars of the fields of field and then in the defenses.
They had more viewers because it was faster, more entertaining.
In 2013, imagine you're a player coming back to your group and you see your next player shown in front of you, in a plastic bombsight that you're wearing . You're not going to have to worry about forgetting a player.
Or to memorize strategy.
They just go into the field and react.
And the coaches want it because if they don't follow their instructions, they lose parties, and they hate to lose parties.
If you lose parties, you wake up as a coach.
And they don't want that.
But augmented reality is not just a manual of improved strategies.
augmented reality is also a way to collect information and use it in real time to improve your way to play the game.
How would it be done?
Well, a very simple option would be to have a camera in every corner of the stadium having a view from the top of the people who are below.
You also get information from the hull and the accelerators, something that's already working on.
And all of that information is sent to your players.
Good teams know to send it.
Bad people will have information overload.
That's going to differentiate the good teams of bad ones.
So your computer team will be as important as your scouts, and the data analysis will stop being just for nerds.
Who would have imagined it?
How would it be in the field?
Imagine you're the field puppet.
You get the ball and you go back.
You look for an open receptor . All of a sudden, a flashlight on the left side of your bombsight, you'll tell you that a defense behind you is going to attack you . Normally, you don't see it, but the RISD system will get you.
You go to the protection area.
Another flashlight you've got an open receptor.
Will you launch the ball, but you would miss you.
The ball loses the trajectory.
You don't know where land . However, the receiver sees in its bombsight, a grass area that's lighting and can modify the race.
It's coming down, it goes through the ball, it's running and the toilet.
The audience blows up and the fans have followed the play from every angle.
This is something that will create a massive emotion in the game.
I'll make lots of people look at it, because people want to live that experience.
The fans want to be in the field.
They want to be their favorite player.
The augmented reality will be part of the sport because it's too cost-effective to not be.
But what I ask you is, do we want this to be the only use of augmented reality?
Are we going to use it just as bread and circus, as our usual entertainment?
Because I think we can use it for something else.
I think we can use augmented reality to foster empathy between human beings, to show someone how it is, literally, to be in another person's place.
We know what this technology is worth for sports glasses.
It generates billions of revenue a year.
But how much is this technology for a teacher in the classroom trying to show an abuse how harmful their actions are from the perspective of the victim?
How much is this technology for a gay in Uganda or Russia trying to show the world, how do you live being pursued?
How much is it worth as well for a Health Laptop or a Neil Degraine Tester trying to inspire a generation of children to think more in space and science instead of quarterly notes and Kansas?
Ladies and gentlemen, the augmented reality is approaching.
The questions we do, the decisions we take and the challenges that we face, they depend, as always, of us.
Thank you.
I recently retire after 23 years of service in the California pattern of California.
Most of those 23 years, I was able to cover the southern end of the County of Marine, including the Golden Gates bridge.
The bridge is an iconic structure, known globally for its beautiful views of San Francisco, the Pacific Ocean, and its inspirational style.
Unfortunately, it's also a magnet for suicide, being one of the most used places in the world.
The Golden Gates Bridge was open in 1937.
Joseph Strauss, an engineer chief accused to build the bridge, said that,``The bridge is practically to test suicide.
Suicide from the bridge is not practical or likely . ''
But from its openness, over 1,600 people have jumped to death from that bridge.
Some of you believe that traveling between the two towers will bring them to another dimension, this bridge has been identified as such, so that the fall from it frees from all your concerns and pain, and the waters that go down below your soul.
But let me tell you that it happens when the bridge is used to commit suicide.
After a full four to five seconds, the body hits the water about 120 miles an hour.
The impact breaks down the bones, some of which provide vital organs.
Most of them die in impact.
The ones that don't, normally stop in the helpless water and then drowned.
I don't think that the people who are contemplating this method of suicide realize the death of death that they're going to deal with.
This is the wire.
Except around the two towers, there are 32 inches from parallel steel.
This is where most people are going to be before they remove life.
I can tell you for experience that once the person is on that edge, and at its darkest moment, it's very difficult to bring them back.
I took this picture last year while this young man spoke to an official contemplating his life.
I want to tell you with joy that we were successful that day in bringing it back on the gang.
When I started working in the bridge, we had no formal training.
We fought to channel the path through these calls.
This was not just a bad service to those who are contemplating suicide, but the officers also.
We've taken a long way since.
Today, veteran officers and psychologists train new offices.
This is Jason Garden.
I met the 22 of July last year when I received a call from a possible suicide subject sitting in the board near the center.
I responded, and when I arrived, I looked at Jason talking to an official of the Golden Gates Bridge.
Jason was only 32 years old, and he had flown here from New Jersey.
In fact, I had flown up to here two times before New Jersey to try to suicide from this bridge.
After about an hour talking to Jason, I asked if we knew the story of Pandora's box.
Remember the Greek mythology, Zeros created Pandora, sent it to the Earth with a box, and said,``Never, never open that box . ''
Well, one day, curiosity could more than Pandora, and she opened the box.
And she came out of her, and they went out, and all sorts of bad against man.
The only good thing in the box was hope.
So Jason asked us,``What if you open the box and there is no hope? ''
He stopped a few instances, leaned on the right, and he went.
This nice and smart boy of New Jersey has just taken away the life.
I talked to the parents of Jason that night, and I guess when I was talking to them, it didn't seem to be ringing very well, because the next day, the family's rabbi called me to see how I was.
Jason's parents had been asked.
The collateral damage damage affects a lot of people.
I ask you these questions: What do you do if a member of your family, a friend or someone loved being suicide?
What would you say?
Do you know what to say?
In my experience, it doesn't just talk about, but you have to hear.
I'll hear to understand.
Don't discuss, blame, or tell the person you know how it feels, because you probably don't know.
Just being there, you can be the point of inflection they need.
If you think somebody is suicide, you're not afraid of dealing with them and asking the question.
One way of asking the question is,``Other people in similar circumstances have thought to end their life; have you had these thoughts? ''
confrontation the person in front can save life and be the inflection point for them.
Other signs to look for: despair, believe that things are terrible and they're never going to improve; Impossible, believe that there's nothing you can do about it; recent social isolation, and a loss of interest in life.
I came up with this talk just a couple of days ago, and I got an email from a lady and I'd like to read your letter.
She lost his son on January 19th in this year, and he wrote this email just a couple of days ago, and it's with his permission and blessing that he read them.
\" Hi, Kevin . I imagine you're at the TED conference.
It must be a whole experience to be there.
I'm thinking that I should go to the bridge this weekend.
I just wanted to leave a note.
I hope you can tell many people and go home talking about it to their friends who tell their friends and so on.
I'm still pretty numb, but I notice more moments to really realize that Mike will not go home.
Mike was driving from Peter to San Francisco to see the 49 with his father on January 19.
He never got there.
I called the Peter police, and I reported it as disappeared that night.
The next morning, two officers came to my house and reported me that Mike's car was down in the bridge.
A witness had seen it jump from the bridge at 1559 in the afternoon of the previous day.
Thank you very much for struggling for those who can be temporarily too weak to fight for themselves.
Who hasn't been before without suffering a real mental illness?
It shouldn't be so easy to end up with it.
My prayers are with you for your struggle.
The GMT, the Golden Gates Bridge is supposed to be a passage through our beautiful bay, not a cemetery.
Good luck this week, Victorge.
I can't imagine the value that she needed to go to the bridge and regain the path that his son took that day, and also the value to go ahead.
I'd like to introduce you to a man who I mean with hope and value.
On March 11 , 2005, I responded to a radio call by a possible subject on the bridge near the north tower.
I took my bike on the sidewalk and I looked at this man, Kevin BERT, standing on the sidewalk.
When he saw me, he immediately crossed the railing, and he stopped in that little tube that goes around the tower.
Over the time and half, I heard as Kevin talked about his depression and hopelessness.
Kevin decided for his account that day to come back on that lane and give life another opportunity.
When Kevin came back, he's happy.
\" This is a new beginning, a new life . ''
But I asked him,``What was what made you come back and give hope and life another opportunity? ''
And you know what he told me?
He said,``I heard.
You let me talk and just listen . ''
Shortly after that incident, I received a letter from Kevin's mother, and I have that letter with me, and I would like to wash.
\" Dear Mr. Bright, nothing erase the 11 of March 11, and you are one of the reasons why Kevin is still with us.
Honestly, I think Kevin was climbing for help.
It's been diagnosed with a mental illness for which it has been properly measured.
I adopted Kevin when I was only six months, completely unconscious from all those heroic traits, but, thanks to God, we now know it.
Kevin is in order, as he says.
We give God for you.
It's honestly in debt with you, National BERT . ''
And at the end, she writes,``GDP . When I visited the San Francisco of San Francisco that night, you would figure out like the patient.
\" Wow, I had to solve it! ''
Currently, Kevin is a career and active member of society.
He speaks openly about the events of that day and his depression with the hope that their story will inspire others.
The suicide is not just something that I've ever found at work.
It's personal.
My grandfather was suicide with poison.
That act, despite finishing his own pain, stole me the opportunity to know it.
This is what suicide does.
For most suicide people, or those who consider suicide, they wouldn't think about taking another person.
They just want their own pain.
Typically, this is achieved only in three ways: sleep, drugs or alcohol or death.
In my career, I've answered, and I've been involved in hundreds of mental illness and suicide calls around the bridge.
Of those incidents I've been directly involved in, I've just lost two, but those two are too much.
One was Jason.
The other one was a man who spoke about an hour.
During that time, I shook my hand in three times.
On the end of the end, he looked at me, and he said,``Kevin, I'm sorry, but I have to go . ''
And I jumped.
Awful, absolutely awful.
I want to tell you, though, that the vast majority of people that we get to contact in that bridge is not suicide.
Also, those few who have jumped out of the bridge and living, and that you can talk about it, that one percent or two percent, most people have said that the second they leave the railing realized they had made a mistake and they wanted to live.
I tell people, the bridge not only connects Navy with San Francisco, but also people.
That connection, or bridge that we do, is something that everyone and each of us should be striving to do.
suicide can be prevented.
There's help . There's hope.
Thank you very much.
The world makes you be what you are not, but in your inner you know what you are, and a question makes you, how do you become that?
I should be a unique thing in that sense, but I'm not alone, I'm not alone.
When I became a model, I felt that I had finally achieved the dream that I had ever had.
My outside ended up with my inner truth, with my inner self.
For complicated reasons, I'm going to refer to that later, when I look at this picture, I think, you know, Gene, you get it, you get it.
But the October past, I discovered that, barely, I'm starting.
We all link our families, our religion, our society, our moment in history, even our bodies.
Some people have the value to release, to get rid of the limitations tax by the color of the skin or the beliefs of around us.
They're people who always challenge the status quo, which is considered accepted.
In my case, the last nine years, many of my neighbors, many of my friends, my agent even, ignored my story.
I think this puzzle is called revelation.
This is mine.
I was recorded as``child"to birth because of the appearance of my genitals.
I remember my five years in the Philippines, in my house, I always carried this t-shirt on the head.
And my mom asked me,``Why do you always take that t-shirt in your head? ''
I said,``Mom, it's my hair . I'm a girl . ''
I knew then how to self-assemble.
Gender has always been considered an amazing fact, but now we know that it's actually more complex and mysterious.
Because of my success, I never dared to share my story, not because I thought it will be what I'm bad, but how the world is treating those of us who want to release.
Every single day I appreciate being a woman.
I have mom, dad and a family who accepted me as I am.
Many are not so fortunate.
There's a long tradition in Asia culture that celebrates the mystery of gender.
There's a Buddhist goddess of compassion.
There's a Hindu goddess, a goddess of the children.
And when I was eight, I was at a party in the Philippines who celebrated these mysteries.
I was in front of the stage and I remember this beautiful woman appeared to me, and I remember that moment as if something hit me: This is the kind of woman I wanted to be.
And when I was 15 years old, when I was still a man, I met this woman called T. .
It's the director of a transgender beauty competition.
That night she asked me,``Why haven't you been involved in beauty competition? ''
He told me that if she was involved, she was going to take on the waste of inspiration and the costume, and that night, she won in bathroom, won in a gallon suit, and she was a third finalist between more than 40 candidates.
That moment changed my life.
Suddenly, I was inside the world of beauty rejections.
Not a lot of people can say that their first job was from beauty of beauty of transgender women, but I can.
I also met the goddess goddess, especially when we went to remote provinces from Los Angeles.
But more importantly than all of that, I met my best friends of that community.
In 2001, my mom had moved to San Francisco, called me, and told me that they were approved by my request of the green card that could go to the United States.
I was resistant.
I said to my mother,``Mommy, I'm fun.
I'm here with friends, I like to travel and be a beauty queen . ''
But then, two weeks later, he called me and said,``You know, if you move to the United States, you can change the name and the gender identity? ''
It was all I needed to listen to.
My mom suggested me to put two``and"to my name.
She also accompanied me when I was operating in Thailand at the age of 19.
It's curious that in some of the most rural cities in Thailand, they make the most prestigious, sophisticated and secure surgeries.
At the time in the United States, it was necessary to make the surgery before we changed the name and the gender.
So in 2001, I went to San Francisco, and I remember looking at the license license with the name Gene and the``F"of female gender.
It was a great moment.
For some people, their identity document means to be able to drive or be able to get a drink, but for me, it was the license to live, to feel dignified.
Suddenly, my fears looked miserable.
I felt that I could conquer my dream and move to New York, and to be model.
Many are not so fortunate.
I think in this woman of man Newtons Netherlands.
A young woman in New York who was courageous to live his truth, but, deceived, he ended his life.
For many of my community, that's the reality that they live.
Our suicide rates are eight times higher than the rest of the population.
All 20 of November we do a global surveillance for the Congressional Day of the transgender.
I'm on this stage thanks to a long story of people who fought and stood up to injustice.
These are Marsha D. Johnson and Sylvia River.
Today, right now, I'm coming out of the closet.
I can't keep living my truth alone and just for me.
I want to do the best to help others live their truth without shame, or fear.
I'm here, exposing, so that there's no more surveillance in November 20.
My deepest truth led me to accept what I am.
Would you do that?
Thank you very much.
Thank you, thank you, thank you . KT: Gene, a quick question.
Gene Rockwell: Sure . You see, first, thank you with all my blessings.
My own support network, my parents especially, to my family, who is very strong.
I remember all the times I've been attending young women, who I've been doing, and sometimes, when they called me and told me that their parents couldn't accept it . I took the phone, I called my mom and said,``Mommy, can you call this woman? ''
Sometimes it worked, others not . It's just gender identity, that's what's at the center of what we are, right?
I mean, all of us are assigned by a gender at birth, and what I'm trying to do is put on the table, the subject that some times that non-state allocation, and there should be a space that would allow people to automate, and this is a conversation that we should have with parents, with colleagues.
The transgender movement is starting compared to gay movement.
There's still a lot of work to do.
I should have understood.
There should be space for curiosity and to ask questions, and I hope you're all my allies.
KS: Thank you . Very nice . BR: Thank you.
In many patriarchal and tribal societies, parents are usually known for their children, but I am one of the few parents who are known for their daughter and I'm proud of it.
Malaysia started his campaign for education by defending his rights in 2007, and when their efforts were homage in 2011, when he came up with the Jonaurth National Prize of peace, he became very famous, a very popular girl in his country.
Before that, it was my daughter, but now I'm his father.
Ladies and gentlemen, if we take a look at the history of humanity, women history is the history of injustice, inequality, violence and exploitation.
You see, in patriarchal societies, right from the beginning, when you're born a child, your birth is not celebrated.
It's not welcome, not for his father, not for her mother.
The neighborhood comes, he gives her mother and no one happy to the father.
And a mother is really bored for having a girl.
When you give birth to the first child, the first daughter, it gets sad.
When he gives birth to the second daughter, he's shocked, and with the hope of a child, when he bursts his third daughter, he feels guilty as a criminal.
Not just the mother suffer, but the daughter . newborn daughter, when it grows, suffers.
At the age of five, when I should go to school, he stays at home and school admit to his siblings.
Until the age of 12, somehow, it has a good life.
It can be fun.
You can play with your friends on the street, and you can move through the streets like a butterfly.
But when it comes into adolescence, when I was 13 years old, it's provided to leave your house without a male.
It's confined to the four walls of their house.
It's no longer a free person.
He becomes the so-called honor of his father and his brothers and his family, and if he grabs the code of that Sufi assumption, he could even kill.
And it's interesting that this assumption code of honor, not only affects the life of a girl, also affects the life of male male members.
So this brother, he sacrifice the joy of his life and happiness of his sisters on behalf of honor.
And there's one more rule of the patriarchal societies that are called the obesity.
A good girl is supposed to be very quiet, very humble and very bold.
It's the criteria.
The model of a good girl has to be quiet.
It's supposed to be silent and it accepts the decisions of your father and your mother and the decisions of the elderly, even if you don't want.
If you marry it with a man who doesn't like or if you marry it with an old man, you have to accept it, because it doesn't want to be a slide.
If you're very young, you have to accept it.
Otherwise, they will call it crazy.
And what happens at the end?
In the words of a poet,``The House, they love it, and then gives birth to more children and daughters . ''
And the irony of the situation is that this mother, he risked the same lesson of obesity to his daughter and the same lesson of honor to his children.
And this vicious circle continues and continues.
And dear brothers and sisters, when Malaysia was born, and for the first time, believe me, I don't like the newly born, to be honest, but when I was there and I looked at her eyes, believe me, I was extremely honored.
And so much before I was born, I thought about her name, and he was fascinated with a legendary struggle of freedom in Afghanistan.
His name was Malaya from Mandela, and he called my daughter like that.
But when I looked at, everybody was men, and I grabbed my pen, and I brought a line from my name, and I wrote,``Malaysia . ''
And when she grew up, when I was four and a half, I admired her in my school.
You know, why should I mention a girl's admission in a school?
Yes, I should mention it.
You can take it for granted in Canada, in America, in many developed countries, but in the poor countries, in patriarchal societies, in tribal societies, is a great event for child life.
Interactive in a school means the recognition of its identity and their name.
An admission to school means that it has entered the world of dreams and aspirations where it can explore their potential for their future life.
I've got five sisters, and none of them could go to school, and they would be surprised, two weeks before, when the Canadian visited form of view, and I was in the relative part to the family, I couldn't remember the stores of some of my sisters.
And the reason was I had never seen my sisters' names written in no document.
That was why I value my daughter.
What my father couldn't give my sisters and his daughters, I thought I had to change it.
I used to appreciate the intelligence and the suggestion of my daughter.
I encouraged it to sit with me when my friends came to me.
I encouraged it to go with me to different meetings.
And all of these values, I've tried to instill them in their personality.
And this was not just for it, just for Malaysia.
I've taken all these good values in my school to girls and kids alike.
I used education for emancipation.
I teach my daughters, teach students, forget the lesson of obesity.
I taught students to forget the lesson of the so-called self-inspiration.
They wanted siblings and sisters, we fought for the women, and we fought to have more and more space for women in society.
But we found a new phenomenon.
It was lethal for human rights, and in particular, for women's rights.
It was called talent.
That means a complete denial of women's participation in all political and social activities.
Hundreds of schools were lost.
girls were promised to go to school.
Women were forced to use candles and stopped going to markets.
The musicians were silenced, the cute girls and the singers killed.
They suffered millions, but a few of them talked, and it was terrifying to have around those people who kill and attach when you talk for your rights.
It's really scary.
At the age of 10, Malaysia got up and lifted by the right to education.
He wrote a newspaper for the BBC blog, offered herself for the New York Times documentary, and he talked on every platform he could.
And his voice was the most powerful voice.
It spreads as a camera around the world.
And that was the reason why the Taliban couldn't tolerate their campaign and the 19th of October in 2012, they shot it in the head.
It was a fatal day for my family and me.
The world became a great black hole.
Whereas my daughter was debating between life and death, she whispered my wife,``Should I blame me for what happened to my daughter, your daughter? ''
And he said,``Please don't blame you.
It defended the cause right.
He put your life in play for the cause of truth, because of the cause of peace, and because of the cause of education, and your daughter inspired you and joined.
They were both on the right path and God protect it . ''
These few words meant a lot to me, and I didn't ask again.
When Malaysia was in the hospital, and he had severe headaches and strong headaches, because his facial nerve was cut, I used to see a dark shadow that spread through the face of my wife.
But my daughter never complained.
I used to tell you,``I'm fine with my weird smile and the excitement in my face.
I'll get good . Please don't worry . ''
It was a comfort for us, and it was comfort.
And dear brothers and sisters, we've learned from it how to resist at the most difficult moments, and I'm pleased to share with you that despite being an icon for children's rights and women, it's like any 16-year-old girl.
He cried when he didn't end up.
He fights with his brothers, and I'm very happy for that.
People ask me,``What about special in my tutor that has been so bold to Malaysia so brave, expressive and ecology? ''
I say, don't ask me what I did.
Ask what I didn't do.
I don't cut your wings, and that's all.
Thank you very much.
Thank you . Thank you . Thank you . Thank you.
I was operated from the brain 18 years ago, and since that day, the brain science has become a personal passion.
I'm engineering.
And I want to tell you that I recently joined the Mola group of Google, where I've had a division to my office, Google 8 visualization, but all the work I'm talking about today about the science of the brain, I did it before I joined Google or outside my work there.
Having said this, there's a stigma when you get to a brain operation.
Are you still just like intelligent or not?
Of not being, will you be smart?
After the neuroscience, I was missing a part of the brain, and I had to live with it.
It wasn't gray matter, but it was the sticky part of the center that creates important hormones and neurotransmitter.
Immediately after the operation, I had to decide what amount to take, from more than a dozen chemicals every day, because if I didn't take anything, I would die in a few hours.
Every day, for the last 18 years, I've had to decide about the combinations and mix of chemicals, and try to get them, to stay alive.
More than one time I've saved.
But luckily, I have a soul of experimentation, so I decided that I would experience to try and get the optimal dose, because there's really no clear map that tells you in detail.
I started testing different mixes, and I was surprised to see how small changes in the dose changed my self-assembly, my sense of who I was, my sense of thinking, my behavior with others.
A particularly impressive case: for a few months, I tried to test a textbook and the typical chemicals for a video man, and I was surprised by seeing how my thoughts changed.
I was always furious, I thought all the time in sex, and I thought it was the smartest person around the world, and, of course, many times in the past I've met several guys like this, or maybe some attached versions.
It turned out as an extreme.
But my great surprise was that I wasn't trying to be arrogant.
In fact, I was trying, a bit insecure, fixing a problem that I had in front, and it just doesn't happen.
So I couldn't handle it.
I changed my dose.
But, I think that experience gave me a new appreciation about men and what they have to go through . Since then I get better with men.
What I was trying to do, when I adjust those hormones and neurotransmitters and so on, was to regain my intelligence after the disease and the operation -- my creative thinking, my flow of ideas.
I tend to think about almost always in images, and that became my key reference point: how do I get those mental images that I use to create prototypes, my ideas, if you want to? testing new ideas and recreating situations.
These kinds of thoughts is not new.
philosophers like Homer, Descartes and Hobbes see things similar.
They thought that images and mental ideas were the same thing.
There are people who are looking at this idea, and there are many discussions about how the mind works . For me it's simple: for most of us, mental images are fundamental for creative and invention thinking.
So after several years, I can find the right point, and I've got a lot of great mental images, really vivid, sophisticated, good structures.
Now, I'm working on how to take these mental images, from my mind to the computer screen.
Can you imagine what would happen if a movie director was able to use his imagination only to lead the world that has in front?
Or if a musician could extract the music of your head?
There are incredible possibilities with this, as the way that creative people can get to share the speed of light.
And the truth is, the only difficulty to do this is just increase the resolution of our brain scanning systems.
Let me show you why I think we're pretty close to getting this with two recent experiments done by two groups in neuroscience.
They both used MRI technology, image for functional magnetic resonance, to represent the brain . Here you can see the brain scan done by Virginia Gene and his Harvard colleagues.
The column on the left shows the brain scan of a person who looks at an image.
The average column shows the brain scan of that same individual as it imagined, watching that same image.
The column on the right was created by holding the content of the central column on the left, and you see the difference is almost cloud.
This repeats in many different individuals with many different images, always with a similar result.
The difference between seeing an image and imagining that same image is almost cloud.
Now, let me share another experiment . This is the lab of Jack Gallery in Berkeley, California.
They managed to convert brain waves into acknowledged visual fields.
Let's put this way.
In this experiment, it showed people hundreds of hours of YouTube videos while their brains were scanned to create a big deal of brain reactions to video sequences.
Then, I showed you a movie with new images, new people, new animals, and while you were so recorded a new scan.
The computer, using only the brain information of the scan, decided it to show what seemed that the person was seeing.
On the right you can see the computer directions, and on the left, the video that was shown.
This leaves us.
We're very close to doing it.
We just need to improve resolution.
And now, remember, when you see an image, and when you imagine that same image, it's created in the brain the same map.
This was conducted with the large-scale brain scanning systems that are available today, and its resolution was increasing as a thousand times in the last few years.
Now we need to increase resolution about a thousand times more to get a deeper look.
How do we do that?
There are a lot of techniques to do that.
One is to open the skull and introduce electrodes.
I don't offer that.
Many of them are proposing new projection techniques for images, even me . counting with the recent MRI of the MRI, first of all, we should ask the next thing, is this technology to be the end of the path?
conventional wisdom says that the only way to get greater resolution is with bigger magnets, but at this point, more large magnets only offer small improvements in resolution, not increases for thousands of us as we need.
I propose this idea: instead of bigger magnets, make better magnets.
We can create much more complex structures with slightly different fixes, like making a spiritual.
And why do that care?
In the last few years, a great amount of effort at MRI were to make really big magnets, right?
However, most recent advances in resulting of ingenious and brilliant solutions in coding and decoding, in the transmitter and French radio frequency receptors in the MRI systems.
In turn, instead of a uniform magnetic field, we use structured magnetic patterns attached to the FM radio frequencies.
So by combining magnetic patterns with the patterns of the FM radio frequency processing, we can increase massive information that can be extracted in a single scan.
Also, we can then divide into layers of our growing knowledge about brain structure and memory to create the increase in the thousands we need.
By using MRI, we should be able to measure not just the fluid of blood blood, but the of the hormones and neurobiologists that I mentioned and maybe even direct neural activity . This is sleep.
We will be able to fly our ideas directly to digital media.
Can you imagine if we could go through language and communicate directly through thinking?
What would we be capable of?
And how do we learn to deal with the truths of human thinking without filters?
You thought the Internet is a big thing.
These are big questions.
It would be amazing to use it as a tool to amplify our skills of thinking and communication.
Certainly, this same tool could lead to Alzheimer's cure and similar diseases.
We have a few more options to open this door.
Anyway, do you choose a year, will happen in five or 15 years?
It's hard to imagine it will take a lot more.
We need to learn how to give this step together.
Thank you.
I'm going to talk to you tonight about coming out of the closet, and not in a traditional sense, not just the gay closet.
I think we all have guns.
His closet may be to tell some people for the first time than love or tell someone who's pregnant, or say to someone who has cancer, or any other difficult conversation for which one has drawn in life.
All closet is a difficult conversation, and even though our issues can vary tremendously, the experience of having lived, and there's a universal thing.
It's afraid, and we don't like it, and it must happen.
Many years ago, I was working at South Side Catera, a restaurant in the city, and being there, I had to go through several phases of the intensity of liberal military: I wouldn't resist my armpits, to quote the letters of Anne Di France as a litany.
And I'm going to be aware of the hotel of my short pants and because I had shave my head recently, I usually ask a little kid,``Hey, are you kid or girl? ''
And it would appear an uncomfortable silence on the table.
I would take my jaw a little bit more, I would take my coffee with a lawyer left.
The father was constantly slowing the newspaper and mother would launch a cold look at his son.
But I wouldn't say anything, and I would hurt inside.
And I got to the point that every time I went to a place where there was a child between three and 10 years, I was ready to fight.
And that's a terrible feeling.
So I promised that next time I would say something.
I would have that difficult conversation.
So after a few weeks, it happened again.
\" Are you a kid or a girl? ''
A family silence, but this time I was prepared, and I was just about to come into the female affairs on the table, and I had Betty Friedman dates.
The Gloria Steinem quote.
Even a fragment of the Vagina Monologues who would show.
So I'm going to breathe, and I went down, and I went back to my back, and my back to my back is a four-year-old with a pink dress, looking at what's not a challenge for a feminist dog, just a girl with a question,``Are you kid or girl? ''
So I'd breathe back again, and I put a little bit about it, and I said,``Hey, I know this is a confusing thing.
I have a short hair like a kid, and I saw a kid clothes, but I I'm a girl, and you know, as you like to use a pink dress, and sometimes you like to use a comfortable pajamas.
Well, I'm more than the kind of girl in a comfortable pajamas . ''
And that little girl looked at me, paying attention, and said,``My favorite pajamas is purple and has a fish.
Can you give me a park, please? ''
And that was all . Just``Oh, OK, you're a girl.
What about the park that I asked? ''
It was the hardest conversation of all that I've ever had.
And why? Because the girl's girl and I, both, were honest with one another.
Just as many of us, I've lived in some closet in my life, and yes, often my walls used to be an archive.
But within, in the dark, you can't know what color is.
You just know how one feels living in an closet.
That's how my closet is not different than yours or yours or yours.
Surely, I'll give you 100 reasons why to get out of my closet was more difficult than coming out of it, but this is the issue: The hard is not relative.
The difficult thing is hard.
Who can tell me to explain to someone who's been declared in broken banking is harder to tell you that it's been fooled?
Who can tell me that this story that I tell is more difficult than telling your five-year-old son you're going to divorce?
There's no more difficult, there's only the hard thing.
We need to stop changing what's hard for another person to make us feel better or worse in relation to our closet, and we should only feel empathy because we all live hard.
At some point in our lives, we all live in closet, and they may make sure, or at least safer than it offers the other side of the door.
But I'm here to tell you, no matter what their walls are made, a closet is not a place to live.
Thank you . Imagine yourself 20 years ago.
I, that I had a horse tail, a dress and short shoe.
It wasn't the military lesbian prepared to fight any four-year-old who would go into coffee.
I was frozen because of fear, I turned up on a corner of my dark closet by pushing my fat, and moving only a muscle is the most scary thing I ever ever done.
My family, my friends, complete strangers that I've spent my entire life trying to not disappoint them, and now the world was going back to purpose.
I was burning the pages of a script that we've all followed for so long, but if you don't toss that grenade, you will kill you.
One of my most memorable launches was in my sister's wedding.
It was the first time that many of the guests knew that it was gay, and when I did my honest ladies, in my black dress and taxis, I walked around the tables and finally came to one where my parents' friends were, people who were known to me.
And after talking a moment, one of the women screamed,``I love Nathan Lane! ''
And the battle of the gay story had started.
\" Huh, were you ever ever in the Castro? ''
\" Well, yes, the truth is we have friends in San Francisco . ''
\" Well, we've never gone there, but we heard that it's fabulous . ''
\" Oh, do you know my estimate Antonio? ''
It's very good, and it has never talked about having bride . ''
\" Hey, what's your favorite TV show?
Is our favorite program?
And you know who love you? Jack.
Jack is our favorite . ''
And then a woman, puzzled, but in waiting to show desperately his support, to make me know that he was on my side, finally said,``Well, sometimes my husband uses pink shirt . ''
And I had an opportunity at that time, as you've got all the grenade launchers.
Surely, it might have been easy to indicate where they felt mentoring.
It's not very difficult to find them and figure out the fact that they were strategic.
And what else can you ask you to do to someone, but to get to get to them?
If you're going to be authentic with someone, you have to be prepared for how authentic you get.
So, the hard conversations remain without being my strong point.
Ask anybody I've come out with.
But I'm getting better, and I follow what I like to call the three principles of the Galapagos of the Galapagos.
Now, please see this through gay perspective, but you understand that what it involves coming out of any closet is essentially the same.
Number one: Be authentic.
Take the armor . Be you.
That girl in the coffee had no armor, but I was ready for the battle.
If you want someone to be genuine, others must know that we also suffer.
Number two: Be direct . Just tell you . Show your patches.
If you know they're gay, tell it.
If you say to your parents that maybe you might be gay, they will keep the hope that that could change.
They don't give them a sense of false hope.
And number three, and more important -- leave complex.
You communicate their truth.
They never apologize for that.
And some of you may be able to go out safer wounds, tell you what they've done, but it's never sorry for what they are.
And yes, maybe some people will feel disappointed, but that something in them, not in you.
Those are the expectations of them about what you are, but not your own.
That's the story of them, but not of you.
The only story that matters is that you want to write.
So the next time you find in a dark closet by looking at a grenade, you must know that we've all been there before.
And you may feel very alone, but you're not.
Thank you, Boulder . Enjoy the speed.
Intelligence, what is that?
If you look at the story of how intelligence has been seen, a productive example has been the famous quote of Desks Sixtor that``The question of whether a machine can think is as interesting as the question of whether a submarine can swim . ''
When Design Lifes wrote this, it did it as a critical to computer pioneers like Alan Turing.
And so, a few years ago, I started a program to try to understand the fundamental physical mechanisms underlying intelligence.
Let's go back a step.
We first start with a mental experiment.
Imagine you're from an alien race, that you don't know anything about the biology of Earth and the Earth's disease or the Earth's intelligence and the Earth's intelligence, but they have incredible telescopes, and they have incredibly long lives, so you can see the Earth for millions, even billions of years.
And you see a very strange effect.
Of course, as a Earthlings, we know that the reason would be that we're trying to save ourselves.
We're trying to avoid an impact.
But if you're an alien race that doesn't know anything about this, that it doesn't have any concept about Earth intelligence, they would be forced to develop a physical theory that would explain how, to a certain time in time, the asteroids that demonstrate the surface of a planet mainly stop doing it.
And so I claim that this is the same question as to understand the physical nature of intelligence.
So in this program that I conducted a number of years ago, I analyzed a variety of issues through science, through various disciplines, that were pointing, I think, to a single underlying mechanism of intelligence.
In cosmology, for example, there's been a variety of evidence that our universe seems to be finally adjusted to the development of intelligence, and in particular, the development of universal states that maximize the diversity of possible future.
Finally, in robotic movement planning, there's been a variety of recent techniques that have tried to harness robots of robots to maximize the future freedom of action in order to make complex tasks.
And so, taking all these different issues and putting them together, I asked, for several years, is there a underlying mechanism for intelligence that we can extract from all these different issues?
Is there just an equation for intelligence?
And I think the answer is . What you're looking at is probably the closest equivalent of an E = square for the intelligence I've seen.
So what you're seeing here is a statement that intelligence is a force, F, which is in order to maximize the future freedom of action.
It acts to maximize the future action of action, or maintain open options, with a force T, with the diversity of possible future accessible, yes to an impending future time.
In a few words, intelligence doesn't like to stay trapped.
Intelligence tries to maximize the future action of action and maintain open options.
And so, having this equation, it's natural to ask: What can you do with this?
How predictable is it?
predicts the level of human intelligence?
predicts artificial intelligence?
So I'm going to show you now a video that I think, to show some of the amazing applications of this simple equation.
Narrator: Recent research in cosmology have suggested that the universes that produce more disorder, or``entropy ,"during their life, should have trend to more favorable conditions for the existence of intelligent beings like us.
But what happens if that technological connection between entropy and intelligence is a deeper relationship?
What happens if intelligent behavior is not only correlated with the production of long-term entropy, but actually emerges directly from it?
To figure out, we've developed a software engine called English, designed to maximize the production of long-term entropy in any system in any system that is inside.
Remarkably, Internet could pass multiple animal intelligence tests, play human games, and even earn money by making actions, all of that without doing that.
Here are some examples of English in action.
Just like a standing human without falling, here we see entropy balancing automatically a pole using a cart.
This behavior is remarkable in part, because we never gave it a goal.
He just decided to balance the pole.
This ability of balance will have applications for human robotics and human care technologies.
This capacity of tools of tools will have applications in intelligent manufacturing and agriculture.
Also, just like some other animals can cooperate from the opposite of a rope at the same time to release food, here we see that entropy can do a version of the model of that task.
This capacity of cooperation has interesting consequences for economic planning and a variety of other fields.
Engineering is widely applicable to a variety of domains.
For example, here we see it successfully playing a game game against itself, including its potential for play.
Here we see Anthropoma to offer new connections in a social network where friends are constantly disconnected and keep the network well connected.
This same capacity of network orchestra also has applications in health care, energy and intelligence.
So here we see Pentiature organizing the routes of a boat fleet, discovering success and using Panama Canal to extend the world of the Atlantic to the Pacific.
In the same way, entropy is widely applicable to problems in autonomous defense, logistics and transportation.
Finally, here we see English spontaneously to discover and execute a purchasing strategy, sold in a simulated series of access negotiation, successfully increasing the assets under its experimental management.
This risk of risk management will have broad applications in finance and safe.
Alex Wisbons: What you've seen is that a variety of brand of markets of intelligent cognitive behaviors such as the use of tools, walk upright and social cooperation, all derived from one equation, which leads to a system to maximize their future freedom of action.
Now, here's a deep irony.
Let's go back at the beginning of the use of the robot, the``RMW ,"there was always the concept that if we developed intelligent machines, there would be a cyber rebellion.
The machines would get up against us.
One of the biggest consequences of this work is that maybe all of these decades, we've had the whole concept of cyber rebellion to reverse.
It's not that machines first become intelligent and then membranes, and they try to stay in the world.
It's all the opposite, that the impulse of taking control of all possible future is a more fundamental principle than the intelligence, that general intelligence can actually emerge directly to take control, rather than it.
Another important consequence is the pursuit of the target.
You often ask me, how do you look for goals to be dependent on this kind of framework?
My equivalent of that statement to go to the descendants to help them build artificial intelligence or to help them build artificial intelligence, or to help them understand human intelligence, is the following: intelligence must be seen as a physical process that tries to maximize future freedom of action and avoid restrictions in their own future.
Thank you very much.
We're at a point of inflection in human history, something between the contact of stars and losing the planet we call home.
Now, in the last few years, we've expanded a lot of our knowledge of how the Earth does in the context of the universe.
The Kepler mission has discovered thousands of possible planets that orbit around other stars, which points that the Earth is just one between the billions of planets in our galaxy.
Kepler is a space telescope that measures the light intensity from the stars when the planets go ahead of them, and block a little bit of that light that comes to us.
The data collected by Kepler shows the sizes of planets besides the distance that there are between them and their mother star.
And together, this helps us understand whether these planets are small and rocks like the Earth planets of our solar system, and also the amount of light they get from their sun.
In turn, this gives you clues about whether these planets we find are habitable or not.
Unfortunately, as we're finding this treasure of potentially habitable worlds, our own planet is falling under the weight of humanity.
The year 2014 was the hottest record.
glaciers and sea ice that you've been with us from us for millennia now are disappearing in a matter of decades.
These environmental changes that we've caused on the global scale have rapidly suppressed our ability to alter their course.
But I'm not the weather scientist, no astronomer.
But I study the ability of the planet influenced by stars, with the hope of finding places in the universe where to discover life beyond our planet.
You might say that I look for alien opportunities in the immune sector.
Now, as someone really interested in life search in the universe, I can tell you that the more planets look like the Earth, the more enjoy our own planet.
Each of these new worlds invites a comparison between the newly discovered planet and the planets we know better: our solar system.
Take our neighbor, Mars.
Mars is small and rock, and despite being a little further from the sun, it can be considered a potentially livable world shown by a mission like Kepler.
In fact, Mars has been habitable in the past, and partly, it's why we study Mars so much.
Our reverses like``Curiosity"trace its surface in looking for clues about the origins of life as we know it.
The satellites that orbit it, like the Middle mission mission, take samples from the atmosphere, and try to understand how Mars has been able to lose their ability.
private companies now offer not just a short space flight, but also the temptation of living on Mars.
But even though all of these marine images remind us to the deserts of our planet, places that are linked in our imagination with the innovative and the pioneers, compared to Earth, Mars is a pretty terrible place to live.
Let's take the extension of the destructive areas of our planet that are still left to colonize, really extractive places compared to Mars.
Even in the most dry and highest places on Earth, the air is fresh and full oxygen exploded by our tropical forests to thousands of miles away.
I worry that this enthusiasm by the colonization of Mars and other planets I have to get a big and sad shadow: the implications and the belief of some that Mars will wait there to save us from this influence from the only planet that we know is truly habitable, Earth.
For a lot that I like to look at the interplanetary exploration, I'm deep down with this idea.
There are a lot of good reasons to go to Mars, but to say that Mars will be there to save humanity is like imagining that the Titanic captain will tell us that the party of the Titanic will have place later on the saved boats . Thank you.
But the targets for planetary exploration and land preservation don't control.
No, they're actually faces of the same coin: the goal to understand, to preserve and improve life in the future.
extreme environments in our world are like extraterrestrial landscape.
You can just find more close to home.
If we can understand how to create and maintain habitable spaces, in the hostile and incident areas of land, maybe we can satisfy the need to preserve our environment and go beyond that.
I leave you with a mental experiment: the Fermi paradox.
A lot of years ago, the Enrico Fermi physicist asked:``I have in account that our universe has existed for a long time, and we hope that there are many planets in this universe, we should have found evidence of alien life, so far.
Well, where are they?
Well, one possible solution to Fermi's paradox is that when civilizations are advanced enough to consider to continue to live between the stars, they lose the notion of how important it is to protect the origin of planets that drive this development.
It's arrogant to think that only interplanetary colonization will save ourselves, but planetary preservation and interplanetary exploration can work together.
If we really believe in our ability to witness Mars hostile environments for human presence, then we should be able to overcome the even easier task to preserve the ability on Earth.
Thank you.
A few years ago, I added my own house.
And as I was on the front porch looking at my pockets, I realized that I didn't have the keys.
In fact, I could see the window that were at the dining table, where I had left them.
So fast I tried to open all the other doors and windows, and they were all pretty closed.
I thought about calling a clothing, at least I had my cell phone, but to the midnight, a stroke could take a long time to get, and I cold.
I couldn't go home from my friend from Jeff to spend night, because I had a flight early on Europe in the next morning, and I was thinking about my passport and my suitcase.
It would be expensive, but I'm sure I'm not more expensive than a middle of the night, so I thought, though, despite the circumstances, it was right.
I'm a professor of profession and I know a little bit about how the brain works under stress.
Corner releases that increases heart rate, modulate levels of adrenaline and clouds.
And when I got to the factory show in the airport, I realized that I didn't have my passport.
Well, I had a lot of time to think about those eight hours without sleep.
And I started to ask, if there was something I could do, systems that could put in place, that prevent bad things happen.
Or at least, if bad things happen, that minimize the likelihood that it's a total catastrophe.
So I went to think about that, but until a month later my thoughts didn't criticize.
I was singing with my colleague Danny Kanua, a little embarrassed of the Nobel Prize, and a little embarrassed I told him that he broke the window, and I had forgotten my passport, and Danny shared with me that he had been practicing something called a prospective retrospective.
It's something that he had learned from the psychologist Gary Klein, who had written from this a few years earlier, known as pre-construction.
You all know what post-confidence is.
Every time there's a disaster, a team of experts come and trying to figure out what came wrong, right?
In the printer, as Danny explained, you look forward and try to figure out all the things that might go wrong, next, try to figure out what can do to prevent things to happen or to minimize damage.
So what I want to talk about with you is some things that we can do in the form of a compiler.
Some of them are evident, others are not so evident.
I'm going to start with obvious things.
In the house, it will give you a place for things that are easily lost.
This sounds common, and it is, but there's a lot of science that supports this thesis, based on how our space memory works.
There's a structure in the brain called hippocampus, which has evolved over thousands of years, to make a follow-up of the location of the important things, where it's right, where the fish are, the fruit trees, where the tribes are living and enemies.
The hippocampus is the part of the brain that's grown in the London taxi.
It's the part of the brain that allows the squirrel to find their nuts.
And if you ask if someone really did the experiment, they cut the solar sense of the squirrel and yet they could find their nuts.
They didn't use smell, but the hippocampus, that very evolved mechanism of the brain to find things.
But it's really good for things that don't move much, not so good for things that move a lot.
This is the reason for losing keys of the car, reading glasses and passports.
So, at home, you have a place for the keys, a hook next to the door, maybe a decorative plate.
For its passport, a particular box.
For their reading glasses, a particular mission.
If you give up a place and you're rubble with it, your things will always be there when you look for them.
What about travel?
Take the cell phone a picture of your credit card, license, passport, send it by mail to yourself so you're in the cloud.
If these things are lost or steal, this can facilitate education.
These are some of the most obvious things.
Remember, when you're under stress, the brain releases cortisol.
The cortisol is toxic and the thinking.
So part of the previous practice is to recognize that under stress, we're not going to be at the best moment, and you have to put the systems on your site.
And there's perhaps not more stressful situation than when you deal with a medical decision.
And at some point, we'll all be in that situation, to have to make a very important decision about the future of our medical care or a loved one, to help them with a decision.
And so I want to talk about that.
And I'll talk about a very particular medical suffering.
But this is shown as a protocol for all medical decisions, and in fact for the decision-making of financial decisions and social decisions, any kind of decision that you have to take from the fact that you will benefit a rational assessment of facts.
So let's suppose you go to the doctor and the doctor says,``I've received the result of the lab and the cholesterol is a little bit high . ''
You all know that the high cholesterol is associated with greater risk of cardiovascular diseases, attack the heart, stroke brain.
So you're thinking that having the high cholesterol is not the best thing, then the doctor says,``I'd like to give you a drug that will help you reduce the cholesterol, a status . ''
And maybe you've heard of the status, and you know that it's one of the most recent drugs in the world today, and it's even likely that you know people who take them.
And so you think,``Yes, I'm going to take the status! ''
But there's a question that's supposed to be done, and then a statistics that you have to ask from which most doctors don't want to talk, and pharmaceutical companies even less.
It's for the NIH, the number needs to treat.
And what is this, the NIH?
It's the number of people who have to take a drug or join a surgery in any medical procedure before you help one person.
And should you think about what kind of debristical statistics is that?
The number must be one.
My doctor wouldn't take me something if I wasn't to help.
But actually, medical practice doesn't work like this.
And it's not the fault of the doctor, and if it's someone's fault, it's from scientists like me.
We've never understood the underlying mechanisms.
But the Stanford estimates of that 90 percent of drugs work only about 30 to 50 percent of the people.
So the number needs to treat the most widely prescribed estimate, which is it?
How many people have to take it before to help a person?
300.
This according to the research of chronic researchers Jerry George and Pamela Harvard, confirmed independently by Bloomberg.
I myself explore numbers.
300 people have to take the drug for a year before they avoid a single heart attack, stroke brain or another adverse event.
Now you may think,``Well, one chance in 300 to lower my cholesterol.
Why not, doctor? Give me the recipe anyway . ''
But then you should ask for one more statistics, and it is,``Tell me about the side effects ."Yeah?
For this particular drug, the side effects are produced by five percent of the patients.
And those include terrible things: debilitating pain and articulate pain, so they think,``Five percent is not very likely to happen to me, still take medicine . ''
But a moment.
They remember that under stress, they don't think about clarity.
So, think about how this is going to take the time, so you don't have to make the chain of reasoning in the act.
300 people take the drug, right? A person has helped, five percent of the 300 have side effects, that's 15 people.
You have 15 times more likely to get out of the drug that you have to help your drug.
I don't say they should or don't take the status.
I just say you must have this conversation with your doctor.
Medical ethics requires it, it's part of the beginning of informed consent.
We have access to this kind of information to start the conversation about whether you want to take risks or not.
Maybe you're thinking that I've launched this number in the air because of the value of the crash, but actually this number needs to treat it is quite typical.
For the surgery that's more done in the older men of 50, extended of prostate for cancer, the number needs to deal with 49.
That is , 49 surgeries for one person who has helped.
And the side effects in that case are produced in 50 percent of the patients.
Those include the importance or erectile dysfunction, urinary incidence, straight improvement, fecal income.
And if you're lucky and it's one of that 50 percent, the effects will only last a year or two.
So the idea of pre-construction is to think before time the questions that you can pose that will drive the conversation forward.
You don't have to make all this in the act.
And they also want to think about the quality of life.
Because you have a choice many times, do you want a more short life of pain, or a longer life that could have a lot of pain to the end?
These are the things they talk about and think of now, with their family and their loved ones.
You can change your opinion in the heat of the moment, but at least you're trained in this kind of thinking.
Remember, our brain releases a little bit under stress, and one of the things that happens at that point is that you turn a lot of systems off.
There's an evolutionary reason for this.
Face to face with a predator, you don't need the digestive system, or the release or the immune system, because if your body is spending the metabolism in those things, it doesn't react to fast . You might be the lunch of lions, so none of that matters.
Unfortunately, one of the things that goes through the window during those moments of stress is rational thinking, like Danny Kambia and his colleagues have shown.
So we have to train to think about the future to these kinds of situations.
I think the important thing here is to recognize that we are all flawed.
We're all going to fail at the time.
The idea is to think about the future how they might be those failures, to put the systems in the place that will help to minimize damage, or to prevent bad things in the first place.
So rebellious in the night of snow in Montreal, when I come back from my journey, my contractor tells me a combination of combination next to the door, with a key of the front door in the same, an easy way to remember it.
And I have to admit that I still have lots of letters that I haven't ordered, and lots of messages of email I haven't read.
So I'm not very organized, but I see the organization as a gradual process, and I'm doing it.
Thank you very much.
Interpreter: piano,``P"is my favorite music symbol.
It means playing softly.
If you're playing a musical instrument and you see a``P"in the score, you need to play more gently.
Two' ', even more smooth.
Four' ', extremely smooth.
This is my drawing of a tree of a tree, and there you see that it doesn't matter how many thousands and thousands of them, you may have, you'll never get to a complete silence.
That's my current definition of silence: a very dark sound.
I'd like to share a little bit about the story of the American system of signs, the Alzheimer, besides a little bit of my own story.
The French sign language came in during the 1800s, and with time step, it mixed with local signs, and the language was developed that we know today as ALS.
So, it's about 200 years old.
I was born deaf . And they taught me to believe that sound was not a part of my life.
And I thought it was true.
However, I now realize that it's not true for anything.
Sound is a very important part of my life, they're really in my mind every day.
As a deaf person who lives in a world of sounds, it's like I lived in a foreign country, following their rules, consumed, behaviors and norms without questioning.
So how do I understand sound?
Well, I see how people behave and respond to sound.
People are like my loudspeakers and amplify sound.
Learning and copy that behavior.
At the same time, I've learned that I can create sounds, and I've seen how people respond.
So I've learned, for example ...
\" Don't accept the door! ''
\" Don't make a lot of noise when you eat a bag of chips . ''
\" Don't shrink, and when you're eating, I'm sure you're not going to cut the covers on the dish . ''
I call this``sound tag . ''
Maybe I think about the sound tag more than the average person does.
I'm super surveillance of sounds.
And I'm always waiting with nerves the sound, which is to come next.
From there, this drawing.
TED, to decide.
TBP, to continue.
TBP, to announce.
You can see that the shame has no notes on the lines.
That's because the lines already contain sounds through subtle and blobs.
In the deaf culture, movement is equivalent to sound.
This is the sign for``shame"in the Atlantic.
A typical shame has five lines.
However, to me, to make it with my thumb that is not natural.
That's why in my drawings I just have four lines on paper.
In 2008, I had the opportunity to travel to Berlin, Germany, for an artistic residence there.
Before this time, I had worked as a painter.
During this summer, I visited museums and spaces of different galleries, and as I went from one place to another, I realized that there was no visual art there.
At that time, the sound was the trend, and that called me the attention.
There was no visual art, everything was hearing.
Now sound has entered my art territory.
Is it going to tell me more about art?
I realized it doesn't have to be like this.
In fact, I know the sound.
I know it so well that it doesn't only experience through the ears.
I can feel it in a tactile way, or experience it visually, or even as an idea.
So I decided to reclaim the property of sound and integrate it into my artistic practice.
And everything they had taught me in sound, I decided to leave it and learn it.
I started to create a new job body.
And when I presented it to the art community, I was impressed with the amount of support and attention I received.
I realized that sound is like money, power, control: social currency.
At the bottom of my mind, I always felt that sound was oblivious, it was a little bit of a listener person.
And the sound is so powerful that it could be delicate to me and my artistic work, or I could be empowered.
I chose it to be empowered.
There's a massive culture around the language spoken.
And just because I don't use my literal voice to communicate, the eyes of society is like I didn't have a voice at all.
So I have to work with people who can support me from the same way and become my voice.
That way I'm able to be relevant to today's society.
So in school, in the work and the institutions, I work with lots of different performers from Alzheimer.
And his voice becomes my voice and identity.
They help me be heard.
And their voices have value and weight.
Ironically, by asking their voices, I'm able to maintain a temporary form of value something like taking a loan with a very high interest rate.
If I wouldn't continue with this practice, I feel that I could be depressed in the forget and not having any kind of social value.
So, with sound like my new artistic, profound medium in the world of music.
And I was surprised by seeing the similarities between music and Aska.
For example, a musical note can't be captured and expressed fully on paper.
And the same thing can tell you about a concept in ALS.
The two are very spatial and highly modular, which means subtle changes can affect all of the meaning as much of the signals as the sounds.
I'd like to share you from a piano metaphor, so you understand better how the Alzheimer works.
So, imagine a piano.
The Alzam is divided in many different dramatic parameters.
If you add a different parameters for each finger as the piano hits, as the facial expression, the body movement, the speed, the shape of your hand and so on, as you touch the piano, English is a linear language, as if it's only hit one key at a time.
However, the Atlantic is more like a chord, you need 10 fingers in a simultaneous way to express a clear concept or an idea in ALS.
If just a keyboard would change the chord, it would create a completely different meaning.
The same thing happens with music in terms of tone, timbre and volume.
In Alzheimer, when you use these different grammar parameters, you can express different ideas.
For example, the``faith on that . ''
This is the``failure on that . ''
I'm watching you.
Look at it.
Oh, I was charged.
Uh.
What are you looking at?
Ah, good.
So I started thinking, and if I look at the Atlantic through the lens of music?
If I had to create a sign and repeated it over and over again, it could be like a piece of visual music.
For example, this is the sign of``day ,"the sun comes out and put it.
This is``all day . ''
If you repeat it and reduce the speed, it's visually seen as a piece of music.
All day.
I feel that the same thing is``all night . ''
\" All night . ''
This is all night, in this drawing.
And this led me to think about about three different kinds of nights:``Last night ,"`` all night . ''
I feel that the third has more music than the other two.
This represents how time is expressed in ALS and how the distance to the body can express changes in time.
For example, one . It's a hand, two feet . It's two hands, the present gets closer and in front of the body, the future is in front of the body and the past is in the back.
So the first example is,``A long time ago . ''
Then,``pass ."`` used to"and the last one, which is my favorite, with a very romantic, dramatic idea,``There was once . ''
\" Common time"is a musical term with a specific rate of four times per capita.
However, when I see the word``common time ,"I think automatically in``at the same time . ''
Watch MIT: right hand, E: left hand.
We have the shame through the head and the chest.
( Face: mama, Flag square] [Time Common] [In the chest: E, square flap] ] I'm going to show you a shape of the hand called``flat limb . ''
Can you do it with me?
All hands in high.
Now we're going to do it as much in the head as the chest, something like``common time"or``at the same time . ''
Yeah, very good.
That means``love"in the international system.
The international system, as note, is a visual tool to help communicate in all cultures and sign languages around the world.
The second one I'd like to show you is this one . Please do it with me again.
And now this.
It means``colonization"in the ALS.
Now, the third one . Please join me again.
And again.
It's``lighting"in the ALS.
We're going to do three together.
\" Love ,"`` collaboration"and``lighting . ''
Good job.
Look at how the three signs are very similar . They all happen in the head and the chest, but they transmit very different meaning.
It's amazing to see how the Atlantic is alive and thriving, just like music.
However, today, we live in a very typical world.
And only because the Atlantic has no sounds, it automatically doesn't have social value.
We have to start questioning what social value defines and allow the Atlantic to develop its own value, without sounds.
And this could be a step to make a more inclusive society.
And maybe people understand that you don't have to be deaf to learn ALS, not to hear to learn to learn music.
The Atlantic is a rich treasure, and I'd like you to have the same experience.
I'd like to invite you to open your ears, open your eyes, to participate in our culture and experience our visual language.
And you never know, you can fall in love with us.
Thank you.
dentist Kabul: Hey, that's me.
And my parents were telling me,``You can teach it all, but then you have to clean it up . ''
Freedom involves responsibility.
But my imagination led me to all these wonderful places, where everything was possible.
So I grew up in an innocence bubble or an ignorance bubble I should say, because adults lie to protect us from the awful truth.
When I get older, I learned that adults also assume and they're not very good at cleaning the other.
The time happened, I'm now an adult and teaching citizen and invention in Hong Kong School.
You don't have to wait for my students to walk through the beach.
So as good citizens, we clean the beaches, and no, it's not drinking alcohol, and if it is, I didn't give it.
It's sad to say, but today more than 80 percent of the oceans contain plastic.
It's a spooky thing.
And in the last few decades, we've been coming out with these big ships and networks, to collect those plastic bits to study them under the microscope, and we classify them and collect this information on a map.
But it lasts an eternity, and it's very expensive, and it's also very risky to use those enormous boats.
So along with my students, with ages of six to 15, we dream to invent a better way.
We've transformed our tiny classroom in Hong Kong in a workshop.
We started building this mission of algorithmic height, so that very low kids can also participate.
And I'll tell you, the kids who manipulate electrical tools are great and safe.
Not exactly.
Let's go back to the plastic.
We collect the plastic and we cut it into the size that we find in the ocean, which is very small, because of its fragmentation.
That's what we do.
I leave the imagination of my students.
My job is to try to take the best ideas of every child and try to combine them into something that we expect to work.
We decided that instead of collecting plastic pieces, we'll only collect information.
Through the use of a robot, we take a picture of this plastic -- the kids are really excited about robots.
We then created quickly what we call a prototype.
We're so fast in creating prototypes that we end up before lunch.
And we transform light bulbs and cameras in accessories and we assemble it into a floating robot that will move slowly by the water and the plastic that we have there, and this is the picture captured by the robot.
We see the pieces of plastic floating slowly through sensor while the boundary computer process this image and measure the size of every particle, to get an approximate estimate of the amount of plastic in the water.
We document this invention step on a site for inventors called``Instant ,"with the hope that someone's best even more.
Now, the great thing about this project is that students saw a local problem, and I put, they're trying to fix it immediately.
[ I can investigate my local problem] But my students in Hong Kong are very well informed children.
You see the news, it's the Internet, and they were touched with this image.
A child, maybe less than 10 years, cleaning a oil spill, just using the hands, in Somalia, the largest mangrove rainforest in Bangladesh in Bangladesh.
They were very surprised because this is the water that you drink, it's the water where you're bathing, the water where you fish, the place where you live.
You can also see that the water is brown, the mud and the oil are also brown, and when everything mixed, it's very difficult to see what's in the water.
But there's a simple technology called spectacular, which allows you to see what's in the water.
We built a very first prototype of a show that can be submissive through all kinds of substances that produce different species, which can help to identify what's in the water.
We put this prototype with a sensor, and we send it to Bangladesh.
What's great about this project is that beyond solving a local problem, or to analyze a local problem, my students used their empathy and their sense of creativity to remotely help other children.
[ I can investigate a problem at a distance"] I was forced to do a second experiment, and I wanted to go a little further, maybe to address a harder problem, and also closer to me.
I'm half Japanese and half French and maybe remember, that in 2011, there was a devastating earthquake in Japan.
It was so violent that there are several giant waves, called tsunami, and those tsunami destroyed several cities on the east east of Japan.
Over 14,000 people died in an instant.
It also gives the nuclear power plant in Fukushima, a nuclear central near the water.
And today, according to the reports an average of 300 tons are still leaking out of the nuclear plant in the Pacific Ocean.
Today, the whole Ocean Ocean has pollution traces by 2767.
If we go to the west coast, we can measure Fukushima's radiation everywhere.
But if you look at the map, it seems that most of the radiation disappeared from the Japanese coast, and most, of time, is safe, it's blue.
Well, reality is a little bit more complicated than that.
I've come back to Fukushima every year from the accident and research in independent ways with other scientists, land, river, and this time we wanted to bring children.
Of course we didn't take them, the parents weren't allowed.
But every night we reported to the control center -- here's the use of different masks.
It might seem like they didn't take the work seriously, but they did because they're going to have to live with relativity all their life.
Along with them we discussed the data collected that day, and we talked about what we were going to do later, the strategies, the institution and so on.
And to do this, we created a rudimentary mapping map of the region around the nuclear power plant.
We created the elevation map, we introduced pigments to represent real-time data of radiation, and we ran water to simulate the rain.
So with this, we could notice that the radioactive powder was filtering from the top of the mountain to the Arab system and it turned out in the ocean.
It was a serious estimate.
But based on this we organize a civil expedition, the closest to nuclear central to date.
We got closer to 1.5 miles from nuclear central, and with the help of fishermen in the area, we were collecting sea sediment sediments with a sediment tracker as we invent and built.
Here we see a progression: we've gone from a local problem to a remote problem, to a global problem.
And it's been very exciting to work on these different scales, also with open-source technologies and very simple codes.
But at the same time, it's been increasingly frustrating because we've only been starting to measure the damage we've done.
We haven't even started trying to solve problems.
I wonder if we should give the jump and try to invent better ways of doing all these things.
So the classroom became so small, so we found an industrial installation in Hong Kong and we turned it into the larger space dedicated to social and environmental impact.
It's at the Hong Kong center, and it's a place where we can work with wood, metal, chemistry, a little bit of biology, of optics, basically, you can build almost all over there.
It's also a place where adults and children can play together.
It's a place where children's dreams can become reality with adult aid, and where adults can be children again.
Students: acceleration! acceleration!
Center Harriback: We ask things like, can we invent the future of mobility with renewable energy?
For example.
Or right, can we help the mobility of advanced age by transforming their standard wheelchair chairs into new electrical vehicles?
The plastic, oil and radiation are terrible legacy, but the worst legacy we can leave to our children are lies.
We can no longer allow the children of awful truth because we need their imagination to invent solutions.
So, scientific citizens, creators, soldiers, we need to prepare the next generation to worry about environment and people, and so that I can actually do something about it.
Thank you.
Two twin domes, two radically opposite design cultures.
One is made of thousands of pieces of steel, the other of a single silk thread.
One is synthetic, the other organic.
One matters about the environment, the other one creates it.
One is designed by nature, the other one.
Michelangelo Angeles said that when he looked at the marble marble, he saw a figure that struggle for being free.
The corner was unique Michelangelo tool.
But living beings are not focused on.
They grow.
And in the smallest units of life, the cells, we take all the information it required for every cell to work and to replicate.
The tools also have consequences.
At least since the Industrial Revolution, the world of design has been dominated by rigor of manufacturing and mass production.
The assembly lines have dictated a world made of parts, including the imagination of trained designers and architects to think their objects as sharks of discrete parts with different functions.
But you don't find manipulation materials in nature.
Think of the human skin, for example.
Our facial skins are thin with diabetes.
The skin skins are more thick with little pores.
You act mostly as a filter, the other mainly as a barrier, and yet it's the same skin: no parts, no assembly.
It's a system that vary gradually its functionality through variation variation.
Here's a divided screen that represents my view of the divided world, twice the disaster of every designer and architect to work today between the sky and gene, between the machine and the organism, between the assembly and growth, between Henry Ford and Charles Darwin.
These two visions of the world, my left hemisphere and the right, analysis and synthesis, shows on the two screens after me.
My job, at its simplest level, is trying to join these two visions of the world, moving from the assembly and approaching growth.
You probably wonder: why now?
Why wasn't that possible about 10 or even five years ago?
We live in a very special moment in history, a rare moment, where they rely four disciplines that offers designers access to tools that we've never had access to before.
And in the intersection of these four fields, my team and I created.
Please know the minds and hands of my students.
We designed objects, products, structures and tools through scales, large scale, like this robotic arm with an acceleration of 24 feet in diameter with a verifican basis that some day not very far to print whole buildings, and graphics, made of genetically engineered microorganisms that shine in the dark.
Here we have reinvented the heat, an archetype of ancient Arabic architecture, and it has created a screen where every aperture is unique to model the shape of light and heat through it.
In our next project, we explored the possibility of creating a layer and a skirt . This was for a fashion parade in Paris with Eric van Horoca . It's like a second skin made from one piece, rigid in the controls, flexible around the waist.
Along with 3D printing collaborator, we print this layer and failed 3D failure without seams between cells . I'll show you more objects like that.
This helmet combines rigid and soft materials in the resolution of 20 microns.
This is the resolution of a human hair.
It's also the resolution of a CDC scanner.
That designers have access to this high-resolution analytical and the synthetic instruments, allows them to design products that adapt not only the shape of our bodies, but also the physiological structure of our tissues.
We've also designed an acoustic chair, a chair at the structural time, comfortable, and also it absorbs sound.
Professor Carter, my collaborator, went back to nature to inspire us, and by designing this irregular surface pattern, it becomes a self-consumption.
We print this surface of 44 different properties, which vary in stiffness, capacity and color, correspond to the pressure points in the human body.
Their surface, like in nature, will vary its functionality not through the addition of another material or another assembly, but continuously vary and deliberately property.
But is the ideal nature?
Isn't there parts in nature?
I wasn't raised in a religious Jewish home, but when I was young, my grandmother told me stories of the Hebrew Bible, and one of them came to me and came to define a lot about what matters to me.
As she says,``In the third day of the creation, God sent to Earth to grow a fruit tree of fruit . ''
For that first fruit tree, there would be no difference between trunk, branches, leaves and fruits.
The whole tree was a fruit.
Instead, the Earth did grow trees with branches, crust, nails and flowers.
The Earth created a world made of parts.
I often wonder,``What would design would be like if objects were made from one piece?
Would we go back to a better state of creation? ''
So we looked for the biblical material, the kind of material of the fruit tree with fruit, and we found it.
The second most abundant biomass on the planet is called the car, and about 100 million tons are produced every year by organisms, crabs, scorpions and butterflies.
We think that if we could tune their properties, we could generate multi-suprement structures in one piece.
So that's what we did.
We call it a legal puppet . We asked a lot of shrimp husks, we mold them, and we produced suit.
To vary chemical concentrations, we've been able to achieve a wide range of properties, from dark, hard and opaque, to light, smooth and transparent.
To print the large-scale structures, it was built a system with multiple explorers of robots that are completely controlled.
The robot could vary the properties of the material on the march and create these structures made from a single 3,000-year-old material , 100 percent recyclable.
When the pieces are ready, they let them dry to find a natural form of contact with air.
So why do we keep designing with plastic?
The air bubbles that were a byproduct of the printing process were used to contain physical microorganisms that appeared for the first time on planet three billion years ago, as we heard yesterday.
Along with our collaborators at Harvard and MIT, we embedded the bacteria genetically designed to capture carbon of the atmosphere and turn it into sugar.
For the first time, we've been able to generate structures that make their transition without a mesh to mesh, and if they extend even more, windows.
A fruit loaded of fruit.
Working with an ancient material, one of the first forms of life on the planet, with abundant water and with a little bit of synthetic biology, we've transformed a structure made of shrimp in an architecture that behaves like a tree.
And here's the best part: for objects designed to biodegrade, put in the sea, feed the marine life; and put on the ground, help grow a tree.
The fit for our next exploration using the same principles of design was the solar system.
We're looking for the possibility of creating clothes to keep life for the interactive travel.
To do that, we need to dominate bacteria and control their flow.
Just like the periodic table, we made our own table of elements: new forms of life created computing, made in a additive way and increased in biological form.
I like to think about synthetic biology like liquid alchemy, only that instead of transforming precious metals, new biological functions are synthesized inside very small channels.
This field is called microbes.
We print our own 3D channels to control the flow of these liquid bacterial crops.
In our first piece of clothes, two microorganisms were combined.
The first one is control.
It lives in our oceans and the freshwater.
And the second one, E. coli, the bacteria that lies in the human intestine.
One convert light in sugar, the other consumer consumption and produces useful biofuels for the built environment.
But these two microorganisms don't interact in nature.
In fact, they never met.
They're here, designed for the first time, to have a relationship in a piece of clothes.
Think of it as evolution, not by natural selection, but evolution for design.
In order to contain these relationships, we've created a single channel that resembles the digestive tract, which will help you flow these bacteria and alter their path function.
So we started to grow those channels in the human body, to vary the properties of the material according to the desired functionality.
If we wanted more photosynthesis, we designed more transparent channels.
This particular digestive system, when you stretch from one end to another, is 60 feet.
This is half the length of a football field, and 10 times more than our thin intestine.
And here it is, as a TED principle, our first portable photography, bright liquid channels with life inside the clothing.
Thank you.
Mary Shelley said,``We are modern fashion creatures, only half is made . ''
What if design would provide the other half?
What if we could create structures that increase living matter?
What if we could create personal microbes that scan our skin, repair tissue damaged and hold our bodies?
Think about this as a way to edit biology.
I call this material ecology.
For that, you always have to go back to nature.
So now, you know that a 3D printer printed material in layers.
You also know that nature doesn't do this.
It grows . Stay with sophistication.
This worm of the worm, for example, creates a highly sophisticated architecture, a home within which it's metabolized.
The nonprofit manufacturing is about this level of sophistication.
It makes it through combination not of two materials, but two proteins in different concentrations.
One act as a structure, the other is glue or matrix, bringing those fibers together.
And this happens through scales.
The silk worm first lies in the environment, creates a tension structure, and then starts to thread a capital of compression.
tension and compression, the two forces of life, are manifest in a single material.
In order to understand better how this complex process works, we paste a small magnet to the head of a silk worm, to the spinnerets.
We put it inside a box with magnetic sensors, and that allowed us to create this cloud of points in three dimensions and visualize the complex architecture of the silk worm.
However, when you put the silk worm on a flat patch, not within a box, we realized that it's a flat capital and still metabolize.
So we started designing different environments, different scaffolding, and we've discovered that the shape, composition, the structure of the capital, is transmitted directly by the environment.
They often turn the silk worms down to death inside their cocoon, and their silk goes down and used in the textile industry.
We saw that designing these templates could shape the raw silk without boiling a single cocoon.
They were motivated by healthy, and we could create these things.
So we climbed this process up to the architectural scale.
We had a helium robot making silk plants, and we put ourselves in our site.
We knew that silk silk worms to more dark and cold areas, so we use a solar route diagram to reveal the distribution of light and heat in our structure.
So we create holes or openings, to block the rays of light and heat, distribute silk worms about structure.
We were prepared to receive the caterpillar.
We asked 65,000 silk worms to a online farm farm.
And after feeding four weeks, they were prepared to honor with us.
We put them carefully on the lower edge of the scaffolding, and as they collide, they were crawled up, they put eggs, and life starts again, like us, but much, much more short.
Buckminster Fuller said that tension is the great integrity, and it was right.
And the biological silk on the silk silk is robotic, they give all of this pavilion their integrity.
And in a little bit more than two or three weeks , 6,000 silk worms weigh 6,000 miles.
In a funny symmetry, this is also the length of the silk route.
The cops, after the ecosystem, produce 1.5 million eggs.
This could be used for 250 extra pavilions in the future.
So here are the two visions of the world.
A silk thread through a robotic arm, the other full vacuum.
If the last frontier of design is to give life to products and the buildings around us, to form an ecology of two materials, designers must bring these two visions from the world.
Which brings us back, of course, at the beginning.
Here's a new age of design, a new age of creation, that leads us from a design inspired in nature to an inspired nature in design, which demands from us, for the first time, that we're making nature.
Thank you.
Thank you very much . Thank you.
Hands up if you ever asked you,``What do you want to be more? ''
If you had to remember how old they were when you first asked this?
You can show you with your fingers.
Three . Five . Three . Five . Five.
Now, raise your hand if the question``What do you want to be more? ''
It's caused some kind of anxiety.
Any anxiety.
I'm somebody who could never answer the question,``What do you want to be more? ''
The problem wasn't that I had no interest, but I had too many.
In school, I liked English, the materials and the art and developed websites . In addition, I played the guitar in a punk band called telephone frustrated.
You may have heard of us.
And in general, I like to test and persist anyway, for having dedicated a long time and energy and sometimes money in this field.
But with this feeling of boredom, this feeling of, this is no longer a challenge, it's coming to me.
And I have to leave it.
But then I'm interested in the other thing, something completely different, and I'm scared in it, and I'm going to get bored and I feel``Yes! I've found the mine ,"and then again this point where I start to get bored.
And finally, I want to leave it.
But then I'd like to discover something new and different, and I'd like to get into that.
This pattern caused me a lot of anxiety, for two reasons.
The first was because I wasn't sure how it was going to turn all this into a career.
I thought I had to choose one thing, denial all my other passions, and refuse to get bored.
Another reason why I caused so much anxiety was a little more personal.
I was worried that there was something wrong with this, and something bad about me not to defend anything.
I was worried to be afraid of compromise, or being dispersed, or to self-assembly or my own success.
If you can relate my story, and these feelings, I'd like to ask you something that I'd like to have told me then.
Ask themselves, where they learned to assign the meaning of evil or abnormal to do things.
I'll tell you where they learned it: they learned from culture.
We ask ourselves first,``What do you want to be more? ''
It's about five years old.
And the truth is that nobody cares what you answer to that age.
It's considered a naive question to provide nice answers in children like,``being astronaut ,"or``I want to be pirate . ''
Look at the Hawaii's disease here.
This question is done over and over again as we grow up in different ways, P, high school students are asked you to pick up at college.
And at some point,``What do you want to be more? ''
It's going to be the cute exercise of before what the dream takes us.
Why?
While this question inspired kids to dream with what they might be, it doesn't inspire to dream with everything they might be.
In fact, it does just the opposite, because when somebody asks you what you want to be, you can't respond to 20 different things, even though you're very smart adults, you may be laughing and say,``Oh, what nice, but you can't be an artisan of violent and psychologist.
You have to choose . ''
This is Dr. Bob Children, and he's an artist of violinist and petagor.
And this Amy Ng, magazine editor, converted in illumination, entrepreneur, teacher and creative director.
But most children don't hear about people like this.
All you hear is they're going to have to choose.
But it's more than that.
The notion of focused life is very identified in our culture.
It's this idea of fate or real vocation, the idea that every one of us has something to spend for their time on this land, and you have to figure out what that thing is and dedicate your life to it.
But if you're someone who's not connected in this way?
What if there are many different issues that wake up your curiosity and a lot of different things that you want to do?
There's no place for someone like one in that framework.
And so you can feel only.
You can feel that it doesn't have an objective.
And there's something wrong with one.
There's nothing wrong with you.
You're a multiplicity.
A multinational is somebody with many interests and creative activities.
It's a strain for that.
It could help if you divide in three parts: multiple, potential and day.
You can also use other terms that connect the same idea as a scholar, the Renaissance.
During the time of Renaissance, the ideal was who was right in multiple disciplines.
Barack Shermer refers to us as``scanners . ''
They use any term they like or invent one.
It seems like a species of adapting to a community, we can't agree with one identity.
It's easy to see the multiplicity as a limitation or a religion that you have to beat.
But what I've learned talking to people and writing about these ideas on my website, is that there are huge strengths to be like this.
Here are three morality superpowers here.
One: ideas of ideas.
That is, the combination of two or more fields and the creation of something new in intersection.
K Hubbarin and Rachel King expressed their shared interests in cartography, data visualization, travel, mathematics and design, as a result, as a result.
Memaer is a company that creates geographically inspired jewelry.
W and Rachel came up with this single idea for his eclectic mixture of skills and experiences.
Innovation happens in intersections.
Hence the new ideas.
And the multi-dimensional, with all their backgrounds, can access a lot of these points of intersections.
The second multinational superpower is fast learning.
When morality are interested in something, we go to it.
We see everything we can have in our hands.
We're forced to be beginners, for having been many times in the past, and this means that we have less afraid of testing new things and coming out of our comfort zones.
A lot of skills are transferred to other disciplines, and we bring everything that we've learned to each new area that we're looking at, so we rarely start from scratch.
North donated is a complete journey and an independent writer.
As a young girl, I perfect an incredible ability to develop muscle memory.
Now, she's the fastest mechanism known.
Before becoming a writer, North was financial planning.
He had to learn the most thin sales mechanics when he started their practices, and this ability helps to write compelling launch for editors.
It rarely is a waste of time to be given to what you're attracted to, even if you finally abandon it.
It's possible to apply that knowledge in a completely different field, in a way that you couldn't have foreseen.
The third multinational superpower is adaptability . That is, the ability to transform into anything you need in a given situation.
Abe Cabration is sometimes director of videos, others, website designer, sometimes consultant from Kickstarter, sometimes teachers, and sometimes it looks like James Bond.
It's valuable because it does a good job.
He's even more valuable because he can take different roles, depending on the needs of his customers.
The Fast Company magazine defines adaptability as the most important skill for development, to thrive in the 21st century.
The economic world changes so quickly and unpredictable that they are the individuals and organizations that can be able to help to satisfy the needs of the market, which they really thrive.
So, ideas of ideas, rapid learning and adaptability: three skills where multivales are very adept, and three skills that could be lost if they're prepared to reduce their goals.
As a society, we have a great interest to encourage the multinationals to be themselves.
We have complex, multi-train problems right now, and we need no conventional creative thinkers to address them.
Let's say they are, in their heart, specialists.
They came out of the belly knowing they wanted to be pediatric neurosurgeons.
Don't worry, there's nothing wrong with you either.
In fact, some of the best teams are made of a specialist and a marketing marketing.
The specialist can dive deep and put in practice, and the multinational offers an amplitude of knowledge to the project.
It's a beautiful relationship.
But we should all design lives and careers that argue with the way we're connected.
And unfortunately, the multinationals are largely encouraged to that they just be more like their specialized partners.
I once said this, if there's one thing you take from this talk, I hope it's this: Reconstruct with the internal wiring, whatever.
If you're a heart specialist, then you're special for all media.
That's where you're going to give you the best.
But for the multinationals in the room, including those who were just aware of being one of them in the last 12 minutes, I say to you, reconside with their many passions.
Keep your curiosity out of those rabbits.
They explore intersections.
About embracing our inner wired leads to a more authentic and happy life.
And perhaps most importantly, multivaleuln, the world needs us.
Thank you.
In the year 1900, a woman called Australia took him to a psychiatrist in Frederick.
It would be delicate, and I couldn't remember even the most basic details of their life.
His doctor was called Alaska.
Alaska didn't know how to help August, but he went through it until, unfortunately, he passed in 2006.
After his death, Alaska did a autopsy and found strange and violent plates in the Aggrested brain, a guy who had never seen before.
It's even more surprising.
If I had been alive today, we couldn't give her more help than Alaska gave him 11:45 years ago.
Alaska was Dr. Allison Alzheimer.
And August Detroit, the first patient to receive a diagnosis that we now call Alzheimer's disease.
Since 1900, medicine has advanced a lot.
antibiotics and vaccines have been discovered to protect us from infection, many treatments for cancer, antiretroviral for HIV, status for heart and much more.
But a little bit of progress has been progress in Alzheimer's treatment.
I'm part of a team of scientists working to find a cure for Alzheimer Alzheimer for more than a decade.
So I think about this all the time.
Alzheimer's now affects 40 million around the world.
But in 2050, it will affect 150 million that, by the way, include many of you.
If you wait to live until 85 or more, the chance of hiring Alzheimer's will be almost one in two.
In other words, there's the likelihood that they pass their years away with Alzheimer's or helping to take care of a friend or be dear with Alzheimer's.
In America alone, Alzheimer's care costs 200 billion dollars every year.
One of five dollars of medical care is spent in Alzheimer's disease.
Today, it's the most expensive disease, and its costs put an increase from five times in 2050, as the generation of baby boomers.
It may surprise you, but Alzheimer's is one of the greatest medical and social challenges of our generation.
But it's been relatively done to combat it.
Today, one in the first 10 causes of death from all around the world, Alzheimer's is the only one that can't be prevented, healing or even slowed their development.
We understand less than Alzheimer's than other diseases because we've invested less time and money in the research of the same.
The U.S. government spends 10 times more every year in cancer research than in Alzheimer's research, despite the fact that it costs us more Alzheimer's and causes an annual number of deaths like cancer.
The lack of resources is due to a more fundamental cause: the lack of consciousness.
Because this is what a few people know, but everybody should: Alzheimer's is a disease, and we can cure it.
For most of the last 114 years, all, even scientists, confuse Alzheimer's disease.
We think it will be healthy in a normal and inevitable part of aging.
But you only have to look at a picture of a healthy brain in comparison with a patient in Alzheimer's patient to see real physical damage caused by this disease.
In addition to dropping a loss of loss of memory and mental skills, damage to the brain caused by Alzheimer Alexander significantly reduces life expectancy, and it's always deadly.
Remember, Dr. Alzheimer found strangers and strange clips in the Aggrestering brain a century ago.
For nearly a century, we didn't know much about this.
Today we know that they're made of protein molecules.
You can think of a protein molecule like a piece of paper that folds like an origami.
There are places in the paper that are sticky.
And when you fold right, these sticky dots end up inside.
But sometimes things go wrong, and some sticky dots stay on the outside.
This makes the protein molecules stick to each other, form groups that can form big plates and villages.
That's what we see in the brain of patients with Alzheimer's brain.
We've spent the last 10 years at Cambridge University trying to understand how this dysfunction works.
There are lots of steps, and the identification of what's going to block is complex, like developing a bomb.
cutting a cable could do nothing.
cutting others can make the bomb explode.
You have to find the right step that blocked it, and then create a drug that does it.
Until recently, mostly the wires have been reduced and expected the best.
But now there's a diverse group of people, doctors, biologists, geneticists, chemicals, physicists, engineers and mathematicians.
And together, we've managed to identify a critical step in the process, and it's now testing a new kind of drugs that blocked specifically this step to stop disease.
I'll show you some of our latest results.
Nobody outside of our lab has seen it yet.
Let's see a few videos of what happened when you test these drugs in worms.
These are the healthy worms, and you can see that they move with normal.
These worms, on the other hand, have protein molecules that stick between them, like humans with Alzheimer Alzheimer.
And you can see that they're clearly sick.
But by giving our new drugs to these worms at an early stage, then we see that they heal and live a normal life.
This is just a positive initial result, but research like this shows that Alzheimer's is a disease that we can understand and cure.
After 115,000 years of waiting, there's real hope that you can do in the next 10 or 20 years.
But to grow that hope, to beat Alzheimer's, we need help.
It's not about scientists like me, it's about you.
We must be aware of Alzheimer's is a disease, and if we try it, we can save it.
In other diseases, patients and their families have gotten more research and exercise on governments, pharmaceutical industry, about scientists and legislators.
That was essential to advance the HIV treatment in the late 1980s.
Today we see that same unit to sell cancer.
But Alzheimer's patients often can't talk to themselves.
And their families, the hidden victims, caregivers of their loved ones day and night, are often too desolate to go out and advocate for change.
So, it really depends on you.
Alzheimer's not, in most cases a genetic disease.
Everybody with a brain is running the risk.
Today, there are 40 million patients like August, which cannot create the change they need for themselves.
Help talking for them, and they help demand a cure.
Thank you.
I published this article in the New York Modern column of New York Times, in January of this year.
To fall in love with somebody, do this.
The article is about a psychological study, designed to create romantic love in the lab, and from my own experience when I test myself one night in the last summer.
So the procedure is quite simple: Two strangers are turned to be 36 and more personal questions and then both of them look at the eyes without talking for four minutes.
Here's a couple of questions of example.
Number 12: If you could wake tomorrow with a quality or skill, what would it be?
Number 28: When was the last time you cried to another person?
And just?
As you move forward, you're getting more personal.
Number 30: -- this really likes -- Tell your partner what you're happy of it or her; I know very honest this time, and I gave things that you wouldn't tell someone you've ever met.
When I stumbled with this study a few years ago, a detail really called me the attention, the gossip that two of the participants had married six months later and invited all of the lab to ceremony.
So, it was skeptical about this process of making romantic love, but of course, I was also intrigued.
And when I had the occasion of testing this study, with someone who knew not particularly very well, I didn't expect to love.
However, we fall in love, and I thought it was a good story, so I send it to the column Love Modern a few months later.
That was published in January, and now it's August, so I guess some of you probably wonder: Do you follow together?
And the reason I think you're questioning this is because you've already been asked over and over again in the last seven months.
And this question is just what I want to talk to today.
But let's go back to the subject.
A week before the article was published, it was very nervous.
I had been working on a romantic book in the last few years, so I had been able to write about my experience in romantic love in my blog.
But a blog entry can get to a few hundred views like a lot, and those were usually only from my Facebook friends and imagine that my article in the New York Times would be probably a few thousand views.
And that made a good attention charge in a relatively new relationship.
But as it was, I had no idea.
The paper was published online a Friday at night, and already the Saturday, this happened in my blog traffic.
And the Sunday, I've been called the Tomorrow Show and the Good Morance America.
In a month, the article received over eight million views, and I was, to say something, little prepared for this kind of attention.
One thing is to foster trust writing with awareness about loving experiences, but another thing is to discover that the loving life of one has been international news, and that people around the world are really interested in the state of your new relationship.
And when people call or write, what they did every day for weeks, always, asked the same question: Do they still follow together?
In fact, when I was preparing this talk, I made a quick search on my email's mailbox with the phrase,``Do you still follow together? ''
And several messages appeared immediately.
They were from students and journalists and strangers like this.
I was interviewed in radio and asked it.
Even, I gave a talk, and a woman screamed up to the stage,``Hey, Mandela where is your boyfriend? ''
And I immediately put me red.
I understand that this is part of the deal.
If you write about your relationship in an international newspaper, you should expect people to feel comfortable asking about it.
But I was not prepared for the wingspan of the answer.
The 36 questions seemed to have broken life.
In fact, the New York Times published a complementary article for San Francisco, who included the experiences of readers by testing the study in them with different degrees of success.
So, my first impulse to all this attention was to be very reserved with my own relationship.
I said not to every request that we both did a public appearance together.
He took television interviews, and he recovered the photos of us two.
I think I was afraid to become the invisible icons of the trade process, a range for me to not feel at all.
And I understand that people didn't want to know only if the study worked, they wanted to know if it really worked: or whether it was capable of producing enduring love, not just an adventure, but real love, loved love.
But this was a question that I wasn't able to answer.
My relationship had just a few months, and I felt, especially people asked the wrong question.
How do you know if we're going to continue together or not, and also tell you?
If the answer was not, would the experience of doing these 36 less interesting questions?
Dr. Arthur Aron wrote first about these questions in this same study in 1997, and there, the research goal was not producing romantic love.
Instead, I was looking for an interpersonal approach between college students, using what Aron called``supported personal openness, progressive and reciprocal . ''
Sounds romantic, right?
But the study did work.
The participants felt closer after doing that, and so several parties also used the Protocol Friend of Aron as a rapid way of creating trust and interaction between strangers.
They've used it between the police members and community members, and they've used it among people of opposite political ideology.
The original version of history, which I tried last summer, which combines personal questions with four minutes of visual contact, was quoted in this article, but unfortunately never published.
A few months ago, I was giving a talk in a little university of liberal arts, and then a student came up to me and said to me,``I tried the study and didn't work . ''
He seemed unconscious for it.
And I said,``Do you mean you love the person who you did? ''
Well he did a pause.
I think she just wants us to be friends.
I was, but did you get better friends?
Did you feel that you did get better after testing the study?
The attendance.
So, it worked ,"I said.
However, I don't think that was the answer that he was looking for.
In fact, I don't think it's the answer that none of you are looking for when it comes to love.
I stumbled with the study for the first time when I was 29 and was going through a really difficult separation.
I had had that relationship since I had 20, which was pretty much my whole adult life, and he was my first real love, and I had no idea how or I could live without him.
So I went into science.
I looked at everything I could find about romantic love science, and I expected that to sort of be able to sort of vaccinated the heart.
I don't know if I realized this at the time I thought I was just researching for the book that I wrote, but in hindsight, it seems really obvious.
I thought that if I was armed with the knowledge of romantic love, I would never have to feel as bad and I just felt then.
And all of this knowledge has been useful in one way or another.
I'm more patient with love . I'm more relaxed.
I have more confidence to demand what I'm looking for.
But I can also see me more clearly, and I can realize that what I'm looking for is sometimes more than what I can do to me.
What I'm looking for of love is a guarantee, not just to be loved today and being loved tomorrow, but it will remain indefinitely loved by the person I love.
It may be the guarantee that people asked when they wanted to know if we were still together.
The story that media said about 36 questions is that there may be a shortcut to love.
There may be a shape to somehow mitigate some of the risk, and this is a very appealing story, because fall in love makes us feel wonderfully, but it's also terrifying.
But I think when it comes to love, we're very willing to accept the short version of history.
The version of the story that asks: Do you still follow together?
And its content with an answer of yes or not.
So more than a question, I would propose that we ask more difficult questions, questions like: How do you decide who deserves your love and who doesn't?
How do you stay in love when things are complicated, and how to know when to cut and distance?
How do you live with the uncertainty that inevitably leads a relationship? Or even more, how do you live with the doubt of your partner?
I don't know necessarily the answers to these questions, but I think they're a good start to have a more reflective conversation about what it means to love someone.
So, if you want the brief version of the story of my relationship, it is this one -- a year ago, a well-known study and I apply a study designed to create romantic love, we still fall together, and I'm very happy.
But fall in love is not the same thing to stay in love.
Love is the easy part.
So at the end of my article, I wrote,``Love didn't happen.
Let's stay in love because we take the choice to be.
And I'm sort of struggled a little bit when I read it now, not because it's true, but because at the moment, I hadn't considered everything I knew.
I wouldn't consider how many times we have to make that decision, and how many times I'll keep doing that choice without knowing before I'll always choose or not.
I want it to be enough to have done and answer 36 questions, have chosen to love someone so generous, nice and fun, and I've expressed that choice on the largest day in the United States.
But what I've done, instead, is to convert my relationship in the kind of myth that I don't really believe.
And what I'm looking for, and what maybe my life will happen for is that that myth is true.
I want the very happy end of the title of my article, which is, in purpose, the only part of the article I didn't actually write.
But what I have in change is the opportunity to love someone, and the hope that he will also love me, and it's terrifying, but that's the deal with love.
Thank you.
I was raised by a few monsters in the mountain, and in a way I came up as a bank.
something that really affected me, but more detail.
I'll start with when I was eight.
And I took a wooden box, and I buried a dollar bill, a pen and a fork in it somewhere in Colorado.
And I thought that some strange humans or some aliens would find this box about 500 years later and learn how our species exchange ideas, for example how we eat spaghetti.
I had no idea.
Anyway, it has grace because here I am , 30 years later, and I'm still making boxes.
At a moment, I was in Hawaii -- I like to go from excuses and surfing and all these weird things -- and I was doing a school for my mother.
And I took a dictionary and I threw all the pages, and I did a kind of a closed cell to the Agnes style, and the resin covers and a bee was trapped.
Well, my mother is afraid to bees, and it's allergic to them, so I added more resin on the canvas, thinking I could hide it.
Instead, the opposite happened: somehow it seemed to increase size, as if you would look at the text with a magnifying magnifying light.
So what did I do? I built more boxes.
This time, I started adding electronic elements, frogs, strange bottles that I was finding on the street, everything I could find, because I was looking for things all my life, trying to relate them and tell stories about these objects.
So I went to draw around objects, and I realized that God I can draw in space.
I can flow strokes, draw the same way that you do it around a carbon in the crime scene.
And I took the objects and created my own investigated specimens of specimens.
First, botanical -- that you can make an idea.
Then I made some insects and weird creatures.
It was very fun to draw in resin layers.
And it was great, because I started riding exhibitions and those things, and I was earning some money, to bring my girlfriend to dinner, for example, go to Second.
It was great, man.
At some point I'm interested in human form, residential sculptures of natural size with drawings of human beings inside the layers.
It was great, except for one thing: I was dead.
I didn't know what to do, because the resin was going to kill me.
And I went to bed every night thinking about it.
So I tried to use glass.
I started drawing on glass layers, similar to the drawing in a window, then in another window, and another window, and I had all these windows together that formed three-dimensional composition.
And this really worked, and so I could stop using the resin.
So I did this for years, and my work blamed with something very large, which I call``traffic . ''
For``traffic ,"I'm largely inspired in``The Garden of Liberian Delight"by Hiroshima Bosch, which is a painting at the Museum of the meadow in Spain.
You know it?
Well, it's a fantastic picture.
They say it's a little bit ahead of their time.
Well,``Trouth . ''
It weighs 11 pounds.
Five feet long.
It has double face, so it's 10 meters of composition.
It's a little weird.
Well, that's the source of the blood.
On the left, there's Jesus and the locust.
There's a cave where all these kinds of animals with animals travel between two worlds.
They go from the world of representation, to this analogy of analog mesh where they hide.
This is where the heads of animals are heading to the headlights, ready to replace the mass in the ocean.
The ocean is comprised of thousands of elements.
This is a bird god tied to a shower.
Billy Graham is in the sea; the horizon -- the oil platform of the Walter spill -- the Osama bin Laden shelter, there are all kinds of rare things that can find if you look very well in the ocean.
Anyway, as well as a kind of machine.
It's coming out of the ocean, and it spit oil in a hand while the other hand comes up.
Their hands are like balance, and it looks like a mythological being that keeps the Earth and the cosmos in equilibrium.
So it's an aspect of``traffic . ''
It's a little bit of a narrative.
That's the hand that I hit.
And then, when you go on the other side, you have a trumpet, like a bird peak, and you spit clouds from this trap.
It also has a 150-year-old tail, a snake tail that binds the traffic.
Anyway, your tail is a fire when you put on a volcano.
I don't know why it happened.
Things that happen, you know.
His tail ended up in a cloud eye balloon made of terrorist cards in 1986.
Have you seen them?
They were done in the 1980s, as if they were baseball cards of terrorists.
Very upset to their time . This brings me to my last project.
I'm in the middle of two projects: One is called photographers.
This is a six-year-old project to do 100 of these human beings.
Each one is an archive of our culture, through media and material, whether it's encyclopedia, dictionaries or magazines.
But each one acts as a kind of archive in a way of being human, and they travel in groups of 20, four or 12 at a time.
They're like cells, they get together, they divide.
And you can walk between them . It's taking me years.
Each one is basically a microscope microscope that weighs 1,300 pounds with a human trapped inside it.
This has a little cave on the chest.
That's your head; it's the chest, you can interview the entry.
I'll take you for the rest of the body: there's a waterfall that comes out of the chest, and it covers the penis or a night, or whatever it is, a kind of angry thing.
It's a quick refresher of these works because I can't explain for a long time.
We have layers, you can see.
This is a body for half.
This has two heads, and it's communicating between the two.
There are a few pills coming out and come into the head of this strange status.
There's a little forest scene inside the hot cavity.
Can you see it?
Anyway, this talk is about these boxes, as the boxes we live in.
We're in a box, the solar system is a box.
This brings me to my last box.
It's a brick box . It's called Prince Words.
Within this box, there's a physicist, a neuroscientist, a painter, a musician, a writer, a radio emitter, a museum, a school, an editorial arm that diffuse all the content we do in the world, and a garden.
We're looking at the box and all the people inside it with each other as particles.
And I think that's the way we change the world.
When you redefined who is and the box that you're living in.
And together we realize that we're all together in this, that this illusion that we are different, these concepts of countries, of religion, of religion, doesn't work.
We're all very made of the same material and the same box.
And if we don't start to exchange those things with sweetness, and we're all going to die very soon.
Thank you very much.
What do you do when you give your head?
They take an aspiration.
But so that this pill has an effect against pain, first goes through the stomach, intense and other organs.
To take a pill is the most effective system and the industrial system so that any single drug is effective in the body.
The disadvantage, though, is that by bringing it, any drug is diluted.
And this is a big problem, especially in patients with HIV.
When they take antiretroviral drugs, they serve to decrease the amount of viruses in the blood, and increase the Candor cells.
But they are also known for their adverse side effects, mostly negative, because in the time that they take to get to the blood current, they dilute, and worse still for the time they take to get to their destination, which is where it's most important: the HIV warehouse.
These are regions of the body as the lymph nodes, the nervous system, the lungs, where the virus is invisible and not easily enter the bloodstream of patients that are subjected to regular therapy with antiretroviral drugs.
However, after the interaction of treatment, virus can wake up and infect new blood cells.
This is the great problem of the treatment of HIV with the current drugs that are a living treatment of life.
I sat down and I thought,``Could we make treatment directly to the warehouse of the virus, without the risk of drugs? ''
As a scientific expert in lasers, the answer was in front of me: lasers, of course.
If they're used in dentistry, for the care of wound and surgery of diabetes, they can be used for anything imagined, including the interstellar transportation of drugs.
In fact, we're already using laser pulses to open or provide extremely small holes, and they open up almost immediately the cells infected with HIV to introduce drugs.
The best people ask,``How is that possible? ''
We sent a small and powerful beam on the cellular membrane infected by HIV while these cells are embedded in a liquid that contains the drug.
The laser goes through the cell, whereas the cell absorbs the drug in a matter of microseconds.
Before even realizing, the hole is immediately repaired.
We're now testing this technology in vitro or Petri plates, but the goal is to bring this technology into the human body, apply it to the human body.
\" How is that possible?"you can ask.
Well, the answer is through a three head device.
With the first head, which is our laser, we'll make an incident in the infection site.
The second head, which is a camera, goes to the infection site.
Finally, the third head, an injection that distributes the drug, releases it directly in the site of infection, whereas laser uses again to maintain open cells.
Well, this doesn't seem a lot of time.
But one day, if you succeed, this technology can lead to the total eradication of HIV of the body.
Yeah . A cure for HIV.
This is the dream of all HIV research -- in our case, a laser treatment.
Thank you.
In the last decade, I've studied armed non-violent groups: armed organizations like terrorists, insurgents or militias.
I document what these groups do when they're not shooting.
My goal is to better understand these genetic agents of violence and study ways of encouraging the transition of violent participation to nonviolent confrontation.
I do a field job, in the world of politics and in the library.
Understanding these groups is key to solving almost every conflict in progress, because war has changed.
It used to be a dispute between states.
No.
Now it's a conflict between states and non-governmental actors.
For example, from the 2676 peace agreements between 1975 and 2011 , 1969 were signed between a state and a non-governmental actor.
So we need to understand these groups; we should even engage them or defeat them in any process of successful conflict.
But how do you do that?
We need to know what motivates these organizations.
We know very well the reasons they fight, how they do it, but nobody analyzes what they do when they don't fight.
The armed struggle, and not armed policies are related.
It's all part of the same organization.
We can't understand these groups, not much less to defeat them, without a global vision.
The armed groups today are complex organizations.
For example, the Liby Liberia, known for its violent cooling against Israel.
From its creation in the 1980s, Herbie has also established a political party, a network of social services and a military device.
Similarly, Palestinians Hamahin, known for his suicide attacks against Israel, also managed the Gaza Foundation since 2007.
So these groups do more than just shooting.
They're multitasking.
They set up a complex computer machine: radio stations, TV channels, Internet websites and strategies in social networks.
And here you have the IRIS magazine, printed English and published to recruit.
The armed groups also invest in a complex record of funds without looting, but through profitable businesses -- for example, building companies.
These activities are key.
They allow these groups to increase their strength, increase their funds, to recruit better and build their brand.
The armed groups also do something else: create stronger ties with their population investing in social services.
They build schools, they manage hospitals, they put in professional training programs or microscope.
Herb offers all these services and more.
The armed groups also try to conquer the population by offering something that state doesn't provide: security and protection.
The rise of the Taliban in an Afghanistan delighted by war or even the beginning of the rise of ISIS, can also understand the efforts of these groups to deliver security.
Unfortunately, in these cases, security has an incredibly elevated price for the population.
But in general, providing social services means filling a vacuum, a gap left by the government, and allows these groups to strengthen and increase their power.
For example, the election victory in 2006 of Palestinians can't understand without recognizing the social work of the group.
It's a really complex scenario, even in the West, when we look at armed groups, we just think on the violent side.
But that's not enough to understand the strengths of these groups, strategy or long-term vision.
These groups are hybrid.
They grow because they fill down gaps left by government, and they emerge as armed and political groups, they participate in violent struggle and they give governance.
And the more complex and the sophisticated these organizations, the less we can catalog them as a state.
How do you call a group like Herbie?
They dominated part of a territory, they manage all their functions, collect the trash, manage the sewer system.
Is it a state? Is it a rebel group?
Or maybe it's something else, something new and different.
And what is ISIS?
The lines are broken.
We live in a world of states, of nations without state and hybrids, and the weaker the states are, as in the Middle East today, more intervene and fill that gap the non-governmental actors.
This is important for governments, because to hire these groups will have to invest more in military tools.
filling that government gap has to be in the center of any sustainable approach.
This is very important as well to establish the peace.
If we better understand armed groups, we will better understand what incentives to offer to foster the transition of violence to non-violence.
In this new dispute between states and non-state actors, military power can win some battles, but it will not give us peace and stability.
To achieve these goals, we need long-term investments to fill that security vacuum, to fill that government of government that allowed these groups to thrive at a beginning.
Thank you.
I'm a failure as a woman and as a feminist.
My opinions about gender equality are vehicles, but I'm afraid that accepting openly the``feminist"tag would be unfair for feminist.
I'm a feminist, but pretty bad.
And therefore, I'm pleased as a bad feminist.
Or, at least, I wrote an article, and a book called``The Bad feminist ,"and then in the interviews, people started calling me the Bad feminist.
So what started as a personal joke destined to myself and a deliberate contribution, has become something bigger.
Let me give you a step back.
When I was young, especially in my youth and at the age of 20, I had strange ideas about feminism, these hairy women, angry with men and hated sex . Like that was something bad.
Today, I see how women are treated around the world and anger, particularly, seems a perfectly reasonable response.
But at the time, I was worried about the tone that I was using people when I insisted that it could be feminist.
Being labeled as a feminist was an accusation, a word taboo and unpleasant.
I was labeled as a woman who doesn't follow the rules, who asks too much, high self-esteem and dare to believe that it's equal or superior to a man.
Nobody wants to be that rebel woman, until he realizes that it's actually that woman and can't imagine another person.
Over time, as I was growing, I started accepting that I am, in fact, feminist, and also, proud of being.
For me, certain claims are irrational: women are equal to men.
We deserve the same paycheck for the same work.
We have right to travel around the world as we want, free of harassment or violence.
We have right to use it easy and accessible contraceptives and reproductive services.
We have the right to decide about our bodies, no need of legislative control or evangelical doctrines.
We have the right to respect.
There's more.
When you talk about women's needs, you have to have our other identities.
We're not just women.
We are people with a different body, gender expression, religion and sexuality, social condition, skills and much more.
We have to have these differences, and how they affect us, in the same way that we have in common.
Without this kind of inclusion, our feminism is nothing.
For me, these truths are evident, but to be clear: I am a disaster.
I'm full of contradictions.
There's a lot of things that make a bad feminist.
I have another confession.
When I drive to work, I hear pandemic rap music to all volume.
Although the letter degraded women and offends me deeply, the classic``Salt Shakespeare"of the High Bank Twin is amazing.
\" Make it true with your wet t-shirt.
Parade, give it, move until you get off your shell! ''
Think about it.
Pursue poetry, right?
I'm completely beaten by my musical tastes.
I firmly believe in the work of man, which is all I don't want to do, including -- all the domestic tasks, but also kill insects, garbage collected, lawns care and machine maintenance.
I don't want to have anything to do with that.
The pink is my favorite color.
It's enjoying fashion magazines and beautiful things.
I can see``The Bach"and romantic comedy, and I have advanced fantasies of the fairy fairy stories that are made.
Some of my crimes are more heartbreaking.
If a woman wants to adopt his husband's staff, it's his choice, and I'm not to judge.
If a woman decides to stay at home to raise his children, I accept that choice, too.
The problem is not that it's economically vulnerable through this same choice, the problem is that our society is confused so that it makes women economically vulnerable when they choose.
We solved this problem.
It rejected conventional feminism that has ignored or distributed historically the needs of women's women, workers, homosexuality and transgendered, for white women, heterosexual, middle-class and high.
Listen, if that's good feminism, I'm a very bad feminist.
It also happens: as a feminist, I feel a lot of pressure.
We have this tendency to put destroyed feminist friends on a pedestal.
We hope that they go down to perfection.
When we're disappointed, we're going to take them up with a lot of taste from the same pedestal where we put them.
As I said, I am a disaster; I already consider that pedestal before they try to put me there.
Too many women, particularly innovative and sector leaders, are afraid of being labeled as feminist.
They're afraid to stand up and say,``Yes, I'm feminist ,"for fear of what that tag means, for fear, cannot be able to meet the unreasonable expectations.
Let's take for example to BG, or like I call it, the Gods.
In the last few years, it's a declared feminist.
In the Museum Adassing Adams in 2014, at MTV, I acted in front of the word``feminist ,"three meters tall.
It was a magnificent show, to see this star star of the pop open the feminism and to know women and young men who being feminist is something to be proud.
Over time, cultural critics started with endless arguments whether it was or not exactly feminist.
Instead of simply believing the word of an adult and mature woman.
We demand perfection of feminism, because we're still fighting for a lot, we want a lot, we need so completely much.
We go much beyond the sensible and constructive critic, to design the feminism of any woman, to destroy it until it's left.
We don't need to do that.
Bad feminism, or rather, a more inclusive feminism is the point of departure.
But what happens next?
We went from recognizing our imperfections to realize, to go to action and be a little bit more brave.
If I hear music degrading, I'm creating a demand for artists that would be more than happy providing an unlimited supply.
These artists will not change their way to talk about women in their songs until we extend change affecting their gains.
It's certainly hard.
Why do you have your music that will be so preconceived?
It's hard to choose something better and so easy to justify a worse choice.
But when bad decisions are justify, it makes it harder for women to achieve equality, the equality that we all deserve and is our responsibility.
I think of my nieces, three and four years old.
They're two great, decided and brilliant girls, and also very brave.
It's where it's approved by the strong creatures that are.
I think of them, all of a sudden, the best choice is a much easier thing to do.
We can all make better decisions.
We can change the channel when a television program is dealing with sexual violence against women as a sport, the Game Game.
We can change radio emissions when we hear songs that treat women like nothing.
We can spend our money to go to cinema elsewhere when movies don't treat women more than as decorative objects.
We can stop supporting professional sports where athletes treat their partners as boxing sacks.
In any case, men, especially white men, heterosexual men can say,``No, I'm not going to publish in your magazine, to participate in your project, or work with you, until I don't include a enough number of women, so much to participate to make decisions . ''
I'm not going to work with you until your advertising, or your organization is more inclusive with a wider range of people . ''
Those of us who are underground but invited to participate in these kinds of projects, we can also deny to be included until more like us are welcome to overcome barriers to the choices.
Now, we're not very bad . Without these efforts, without embracing these positions, our achievements are going to mean very little.
We can take these little acts of bravery and expect our decisions to get to the top, the people in the direct power and film producers and music producers and music, CEOs, the legislators, the people who can make great decisions, more courageous, to create a lasting and meaningful change.
We can also associate our feminism, well, bad, or whatever.
The last line of my book``Bad feminist ,"he says,``prefer to be a bad feminist to not be at all . ''
This is true because of a lot of reasons, but I say, especially, because I had my voice, I was stolen, and feminism helped me get it.
There was an incident.
I call it the incident to address what happened.
A few guys gave me when I was very young, and I didn't know that kids can do this to a girl.
They treated me like nothing.
I started to believe that it was nothing.
They stole my voice, and after all, I wasn't going to believe that I could say something that could matter.
But -- I was writing.
And I was writing.
It takes me into a stronger version of myself.
I read the words of those women who could understand a story like mine, and the women who looked like me and understand what it meant to live in this world if you have the brown skin.
I read the words of women who showed me that it was nothing.
I learned to write like them, and then I learned to write like myself.
I found my voice again, and I started to believe that my voice is powerful beyond what you can measure.
Through writing and feminism, I also found that if I was a little brave, another woman could hear and realize that none of us is the nothing that the world tries to tell us we are.
In one hand, I have the power to achieve anything.
And in the other, I hold the humiliation reality that I'm just a woman.
I'm a bad feminist, I'm a good woman, I'm trying to improve my thinking, what I say and what I do, without abandoning everything that makes me human.
I hope we can all do the same thing.
I hope that we can all be a little brave, when you get more valuable.
Just after Christmas last year , 132 children in California had measles for having visited Disneyland or being exposed to someone who had been there.
The virus then goes through the border with Canada, infecting more than 100 children in Account.
One of the tragic things about this outbreak is that the measles that can be fatal for a child with a weakened immune system, is one of the most easily preventable diseases in the world.
There's an effective vaccine against this for more than half a century, but many of the children involved in the Disney outbreak had not been vaccinated because their parents were afraid of something supposedly even worse: autism.
But a moment, wasn't the article that unleashed the police about autism and developed vaccines, disappeared and marked by being a deliberate fraud by the British Medical Journal?
Doesn't most intelligent scientists think that vaccines cause autism is a stupidity?
I think most of you know, but millions of parents around the world are still afraid that vaccines put their children into their children.
Why?
Here's why.
This is a graph of the rising estimates of autism over time.
For most of the 20th century, autism was considered a very rare disease.
The few psychologists and the pediatrician who had heard about her, they create their whole professional life without seeing one case.
For decades, the prevalence estimates remained just three or four children per 10,000.
But then in the 1990s, the numbers started shooting.
fundraising organizations like autistic Soviets, like an epidemic, as if you could get to another child in Disneyland.
What's going on?
If it's not vaccines, what is it?
If you ask people the Center of Disease Control Center, what's going on, tend to be based on phrases like``broad diagnostic criteria"and``a better case detection"to explain these growing numbers.
But that kind of language doesn't take a lot of the fears of a young mother who searches on the face of his two-year-old son, the visual contact.
If the diagnostic criteria had to expand, why were they so reduced at the beginning?
Why were the cases of autism so hard to find before the 1990s?
Five years ago, I decided to discover answers to these questions.
I learned that what happened has less to do with slow and cautious progress of science than with the seductive power of storytelling.
For most of the 20th century, doctors told a story about what autism is and how it was discovered, but that story turned out to be false, and the consequences of the same are having a devastating impact in global public health.
There was a second more accurate story of autism that had been lost and forgotten in the dark corners of the clinical literature.
This second story tells us all about how we get here and where we need to go.
The first story starts with a child psychiatrist, Leo Kanua, from the Johns Hopkins Hospital . In 1947, Kenya published an article that describes 11 young patients that seemed to be able to inhabit private worlds, by giving people around their own parents, even their own parents.
They could be fun for hours by shaking their hands into their faces, but they were prey of the panic by mentalities like when they didn't put their favorite toy in their usual place without knowing them.
On the basis of patients treated in their clinic, Kanua speculated that autism is very rare.
For the 1950s, as a major authority of the world in the subject, I declared that he had seen less than 150 real cases of his syndrome while collecting references of places as distant as South Africa.
This is actually not surprising, because the Kanuary criteria for autism was very restrictive.
For example, I would give that diagnosis to children with convulsions, but now we know that epilepsy is very common in autism.
He was once jazz that he had turned nine of every 10 children sent by other doctors to his consultant for being autistic without giving them a autism diagnosis.
Kenny was a smart man, but part of his theories were not certainty.
He classified autism as a form of child psychosis caused by cold and neglected parents.
These children, said, have been carefully kept in a refrigerator that doesn't recognize.
At the same time, though, Kanzi noticed that some of his young patients had special skills that make a certain area like music, mathematics and memory.
One of the children in their clinic could distinguish between 18 symphony before the two years.
When his mother put one of his favorite records, he correctly said,``Beethoven . ''
But Kanzi had a bad opinion of these skills, affirming things like children were just regenerating what they had heard their parents, desperate to win their approval.
As a result, autism became source shame for families, and two generations of autistic children were sent to institutions for their own good, becoming invisible for the world in general.
Remarkably, it wasn't until the 1970s that researchers began to test Kunene theory of autism was rare.
London Win, cognitive psychologist in London, thought that the theory of the novel mothers in Kenya was quite stupid.
She and his husband John were warm and loving, and they had a deep autistic daughter called Susie.
Lord and John knew how hard it was to raise a child like Susie without services of support, without special education, and no access to other resources without a diagnosis.
To defend the National Health Service that they needed more resources for autistic children and their families, Lord and his colleague Judith Gould decided to do something that was done 30 years before.
They conducted an autism prevalence study in the general population.
They launched a suburb from London called Berkeley to try to find autistic children in the community.
What you saw was clear that the Kant model was too limited, because the reality of autism was much more colorful and diverse.
Some children couldn't talk at all, whereas others were embedded in their fascination for astrophysics, in dinosaurs or the generation of reality.
Otherwise, these kids didn't fit in beautiful and crushed squares, as Judith said, and they saw a lot of them, much more than the Kanua's monolithic model would have predicted.
At the beginning, they were lost to try to make sense of their data.
How didn't anyone get paid from these children before?
But then Lord found a reference to an article published in German in 1945, the year next year to Kansas, and then he forgot, buried under the ashes of a terrible time that nobody wanted to remember.
Kenny knew about this article of competition, but he was basically able to mention it in his own work.
There was not even a translation to English, but luckily, Lord spoke German, and he translated it for her.
The document offers an alternative story of autism.
His author was a man named Hans Asperger, who runs an integrated clinic with an inner school in Vienna in the 1930s.
The ideas of Asperger for the teaching of children with learning differences were even progressive for contemporary standards.
The morning in his clinic started with music types of exercise, and children followed their games in the afternoon.
Instead of blaming the parents of causing autism, Asperger described it as a political disability for life that required compassionate forms of support and spaces in the course of the whole life.
Instead of treating kids in their clinic as patients, Asperger called them their little teachers, and they dedicated to the development of education methods that were especially right for them.
And fundamentally, Asperger saw autism as a different diverse that would have a surprising variety of gifts and disability.
He believed that autism and autistic traits were common, and they've always been, looking at aspects of this continuum in archetype known in pop culture like the awkward social scientist and the distracted teacher.
He was beyond even to say, that for success in science and art, a pizza of autism is essential.
Lord and Judy found that Kanzi was wrong in which autism was unhappy, as well as parents were the causal.
In the next few years, they worked quietly with the American Association of psychiatry to extend the diversity of the diagnosis that would reflect the diversity of what they called``autistic spectrum . ''
By the end of the '80s and early '90s, their changes came into surveillance, adding the limited model of Kenya by a wide and inclusive model of Asperger.
These changes didn't fall into broken.
Basically, when Lord and Judy worked between bathrooms to reform these criteria, people around the world see an autistic adult for the first time.
Before it comes out,``Rain Man"in 1988, just a little circle, encouraged by experts knew what autism was, but after the inevitable act of Duke Hoffman as Rover Babbage and the recognition of``Rain Man ,"with four awards of academia, newspapers, psychologists, teachers and parents all around the world knew what autism was.
At the same time, the first clinical trials were introduced to use to diagnose autism.
I should no longer have a connection with that little circle of experts to achieve a diagnosis for his son.
The combination of``Rain Man ,"changes in the criteria and the introduction of these trials created a network effect, a perfect storm of autism consciousness.
The number of diagnostics started to rise, as they predicted Lord and Judy, they actually expected to be, making people with autism and their families finally got the support and services that deserve.
So Andrew Washington came to blame vaccines for increase in diagnosis, a simple, powerful, sub-sauce history as bad as the Kanua theory of autism.
If the current estimates of the prevention center that one in 68 children in America are on the spectrum, it's right, the autistic is one of the largest minority groups in the world.
In the last few years, autistic people have joined the Internet to restore the idea that they're the puzzles to solve for new medical advances, by adding the term``neuroscience"to celebrate the variety of human cognition.
One way to understand neuroscience is to think in terms of human operating systems.
The fact that a PC doesn't work with Windows, it doesn't mean that it's broken.
According to autistic standards, the normal human brain is easily distributed, obviously social, and suffer from an attention deficit to detail.
No doubt, autistic people have difficulty to live in a world not built for them.
70 years later, we're still reaching Asperger, which creates that the cure for the most unacceptable aspects of autism are in the understanding of teachers, employers with capacity, support communities, and parents with faith in the potential of their children.
A autistic woman named Einstein Zabbas once said,``We need all hands in charge to destroy the boat of humanity . ''
As we navigate to an uncertain future, we need all the forms of human intelligence on the planet to address the challenges that we face as a society.
We can't afford to lose a brain.
Thank you.
